# Kit Team Meeting 2025-04-08

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

## Topics

### Mentoring

- No updates for a while
- Presuming no news is good news

### Competitor resources

- Mostly on hold until post-competition

### Kit issues

- Screw terminal confusion
- Arduino timeouts

### Competition

#### Helpdesk

- Systems in place
- Docs in place
- Volunteer scheduling has (mostly) happened

#### Kit return

- Docs in place
- Kits probably going back to the container

#### Feedback forms

- Facilities
    - DT workshop
    - 3d printers
    - Laser cutters
- Time available to competitors
    - Time available for supervisors
- Rotary encoders
- Budget available
    - Ease of access
- Timing of competition
- How difficult is it to schedule overnight weekend trips
    - Transportation, cost etc
    - Lead time
- Use of web interface
    - New features for web interface

### Kit Recovery

- 2 kits from UKPostbox on their way to Jake (TMD, JAG)
- DCS, WMC, GHS need chasing

### Kit collation

- Jake to chat to James about doing event in Horsham

### Kit Familiarisation

- Low attendance, but those who were there found it interesting
- Reaffirms some of the competitor resources improvements
- Will's slides will be on helpdesk at the competition

### V5 kit?

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

