# Kit Team Meeting 2025-04-21

## Attendees

### Present

### Apologies

## Topics

### Competition

- All agreed the event went pretty well from our perspective
- Feedback should go in volunteer retro docs
- We'll do a full review after the main meetings
- 20th May will be comp year retrospective meeting
    - Likely leading into kit roadmap

### Kit Return

- Review returned kits
- Most of the un-returned items are nominal and not worth chasing

### Kit Recovery

- Diane has 4 kits with her from previous competitions
- We'll pick up recovery once the current set of kits are in and closed off

### Kit collation

- Aiming for a weekend in September
- Jake to send out Doodle poll pending discussion with James on venue availability

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

