## For next meeting

# Kit Team Meeting 2025-01-07

## Attendees

### Present

- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Terra Barber

### Apologies

## Topics

### Mentoring

- All but 1 team have mentors
    - We've messaged the remaining team in Discord
- Karina to check in with Mentors on how they and their teams are doing

### Competitor resources

- Jake to make sure email is sent to volunteers, including list and how to contribute
- Jake to further refine tasks

### Simulator

- There's a small issue with log flushing to Webots in certain cases
- Worth fixing, but not worth a release on its own

### Kit issues

- No notable complaints
- No broken boards as of yet

### Competition

- [Helpdesk prep](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/1407)
    - Helpdesk is moving based on current plan - Will to update floorplans
    - Aaron will likely be taking the lead, with support from Karina
    - Most spare kit is with James, which will make its way to the competition
- [Safety testing](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/1447)
    - Being done at helpdesk this year
    - Worth a chunk of meeting to run through how this should work
    - Will need guide for how to do safety check
    - Jake to write up what needs covering in a safety check
- Tinker time management
    - Jake has a vague plan for how to do this
- Team attendance management
    - Needs finishing
    - Needs reception process changes
- Kit return
    - Teams leaving early do handback at reception
    - Main handback happens at reception
    - We should ensure volunteers doing handback know the kit reasonably well
    - Oversees teams
        - Can keep their kit, if they're intending to compete next year
        - TLC and MAI have their own batteries anyway

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

