# Kit Team Meeting 2025-05-06

## Attendees

### Present

- Alex Colville
- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber

### Apologies

## Topics

### Competition

- Safety checks
    - Ensure the runbooks docs are up to date based on what we did
- Nothing notable outstanding

### Kit Return

- Probably don't need to chase up any returned kits this year
    - Jake to review and close off logistics issues

### Kit Recovery

- There are kits outstanding
- Some maybe in UKPostBox
- Jake to send list of teams who need chasing to Keith to follow up

### Kit collation

- Jake will collect the 4 kits with Diane to be re-introduced
- Items to collect from the container
    - https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/1509

#### Kit maintenance docs

- Will would like to ~~delete~~ replace them
- Documentation should live in the runbook
    - Scripts can live in a repo
- Scripts will help with inventorying
- Scripts have been improved and created since last year
    - Will to upload to https://github.com/srobo/kit-test-scripts
- Docs will need rewriting from scratch
    - Will is aiming to finish these before collation

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

