# Kit Team Meeting 2025-06-03

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Alex Colville

### Apologies

## Topics

### Kit Recovery

- Jake needs to find the teams to chase

### Kit collation

- It happened, and was very successful
- All USB cables have been counted **and tested**
- We'll work out kit numbers in next meeting, and plan what needs purchasing (including cases)
- We should have a session in between collation and testing to fix cases
- Diane has found another kit, which she's going to ship to Jake before the next event

### Kit roadmap

- Encoders
    - Will need documentation with pros/cons
- Use system Python version
    - Can drop `pyenv` and hopefully virtualenv
- Drop property setters and _most_ getters
    - `.zone` and `.mode` can probably stay
- Update simulator for new Webots

### Low priority / nice to have

- Prevent subclassing of robot
- Multiple camera support
    - Likely brings 3rd-party camera support with it
    - Needs calibration documentation
- Rewrite Astoria
- Raspbian update
    - Needs Astoria rewrite
    - Lots of networking changes
- Singular enums https://github.com/srobo/sr-robot3/issues/15
- Send marker data to web UI (along with image)
- Drop support for extending SR firmware
    - Must be done alongside better docs for writing custom firmware (eg best practices)
- Improve simulator setup script

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

