# Kit Team Meeting 2025-03-04

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Terra Barber
- Keith Emerson

### Apologies

- Alex Colville

## Topics

### Mentoring

- "Things are going"

### Competitor resources

- "Kit familiarisation day"
    - "Some" people have signed up
    - Will is working on a plan for the day

### Kit issues

- Haven't heard much
    - Some of the last 2 weeks was half term
- Discord seems quieter this year than in the past
    - No "background banter"

### Competition

#### Helpdesk

- Most of the docs are now updated
- https://github.com/srobo/runbook/pull/222
- Jake to start provisioning the server to run it

#### Kit return

- Fairly happy with the plan

### Kit Recovery

- TMD
    - Primary contact has now left
    - School office have said they'll try and find someone who can send the kit back
- JAG
    - Keith has reached out
    - They'll return the kit soon
- DCS
    - Recent drop out
    - Yet to reach out

### V5 kit?

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

