# Kit Team Meeting 2025-05-20

## Attendees

### Present

- Alex Colville
- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber

### Apologies

## Topics

### Kit Recovery

- Jake hasn't had a chance to filter for teams we need to chase yet
- Jake has collected 4 kits from Diane
    - And will bring them to collation
- We've closed off the kits we don't think are worth collecting

### Kit collation

- Will has written some documentation
- Jake has a plan
- Likely 5 people

### Competition retro

- Emphasise importance of battery protection, size constraints, wheel fixings, wiring guide
    - Pause to allow motion to stop
    - Care when using while loops
    - Strategies to recognise stuck robots
- More rigid booking for test arena (like tinker time)
- Empower volunteers (not just on helpdesk) to step in (challenge) when they see unsafe things
- Ensure we encourage ground being black (doesn't need to be a rule). Robot design suggestions
- L4 shepherds and reception training
- Ensure match ops are aware of safety check rules etc
- Track safety / regs checks in helpdesk system
- Put safety and regs checklists on the docs
- Ensure links in helpdesk system are public
- Include help text above comment box to mention including context
- Overnight battery loans could be part of attendance tracking, to make checking teams in on Sunday easier.
- Show TLAs on attendance page
- Improved filtering for teams
- Explicitly require laptops for helpdesk (and include suggestion in role docs)
- Ensure "do not leave unattended" is in battery charger docs
- Have WiFi docs on helpdesk
- Make "do we want it back" clearer on kit issue checklist and docs
- Dispatch kits in multiple waves
- Include an ultrasound sensor as standard (will need documentation)

## Competition feedback

- Document writing code over SSH (VSCode remote dev)
- Prevent subclassing of robot
- How to do good logging guide (including that prints slow things down)
- Encoder support for kit
    - They're not perfect
- Multiple camera support
- Document Arduino web IDE
- Remind teams that multiple arduinos is supported (don't need to use ours)

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

