# Kit Team Meeting 2025-01-21

## Attendees

### Present

- Terra Barber
- Will Barber
- Karina Kwiatek
- Alex Colville
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

- Keith Emerson

## Topics

### Mentoring

- Mentoring is going well
    - Some teams are getting more responsive
- Need updates from some mentors

### Competitor resources

- Volunteer CTA has been sent out
- It's January, people may not want to do much (recovering from holidays)
- We should document using the simulator on a Chromebook

### Simulator

- No update needed

### Kit issues

- Battery leads
    - Probably team pulling on them too hard
    - We should tell them to not pull the battery out by the wires
    - Wrapping the connector in tape doesn't fix the problem
        - Need to wrap the contacts separately
            - Bridging them is the actual risk
        - Can they push the insulation back up (and then tape?)
- Simulator on Windows/ARM
    - Not really supported
    - We'll tell them to use another platform

### Competition

#### Helpdesk

- Karina will be there, but not "Head of"
- Safety checks
    - There's a document. Needs some review
    - Needs to be clear so can be done by anyone at helpdesk
    - Publish the list on the docs for teams to reference before the competition
- Regs checks
    - Can fall back to rules (don't want them to)
- Subject matter expert list
    - Don't bother with
    - Defer to head of helpdesk for most things, who can escalate further
- Overnight battery loans
    - Where are they handed back in
        - Reception
            - Batteries should be handed in when signing in
        - Will need someone to bring batteries to helpdesk(s) so they can be put on charge
    - Helpdesk system
        - Flagged during check-in process
        - Currently not tracked, but a goal
- Helpdesk system must work well on mobile
    - There will probably be at least 1 laptop on reception anyway
- Volunteers should being their own laptops (or alike)
- Kit services VM
    - Karina to set up closer to the time

#### Kit return

- We have the return list, just need to drop the lists
- How can we help newer volunteers easily identify boards
    - Pictures?
    - Kit identifier cheat cheet (separate to checklist)

### V5 kit?

- No updates in a while
- Pending vision for the charity to ensure the kit design meets it
- Also pending money to buy the things
- We don't want to provide a kit which doesn't allow exploring electronics

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

