# Kit Team Meeting 2025-02-18

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Terra Barber
- Will Barber
- Alex Colville
- Keith Emerson
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

## Topics

### Mentoring

- DCS needed a one-off mentoring session
    - Have asked Alistair to sort this out
    - They might be on half term at the moment

### Competitor resources

- Docs
    - Not much progress, small docs updates
    - There are a few open PRs

- "Kit familiarisation day"
    - We could schedule an in-person session to upskill volunteers on the kit
    - Unsure how many people will attend, but that doesn't mean it's not worth doing
    - A good way to build resources to eventualy document
        - Hopefully useful for competitor resources
    - Can use SROs kit

- Tech day attendance
    - Only 2-3 teams to most tech days so far
    - What can we do to make them more appealing?
        - Topics

### Simulator

- No news is probably good news
- Virtual competition has happened
- Will has noticed some bugs, but nothing worth dealing with right now
- Upgrading to the next Webots version is likely to be quite involved (doesn't need supporting this cycle)

### Kit issues

- Servo range
    - It's documented, and has been for a while
- There's still some confusion about how servos work in general
    - _If only there were some improved docs about how to use servos correctly_
- Stepper motors are seeming quite popular

### Competition

#### Helpdesk

- https://github.com/srobo/runbook/pull/213
- Building tinker time management isn't worthwhile
    - Google Sheets exists
    - It will be linked from the helpdesk system instead

#### Kit return

- https://github.com/srobo/runbook/pull/213
- Very little changed from tomorrow

### Kit Recovery

- We've had 2 dropouts this year
- Keith is going to reach out to TMD
- The kit return docs make the address hard to find
    - The address and the page itself should be easier to find

### V5 kit?

- Pending members meeting

### Other

- All committees is today. Anything to raise?
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?

- Thank Yous and Well Dones
