# Kit Team Meeting 2023-07-25

## Attendees

### Present

- Josh Perriman
- James Seden Smith
- Tyler Ward
- Keith Emerson

### Apologies

- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Karina Kwiatek

## Action Points

- Will to update inventory with test results from kit testing - DONE
- Will to investigate what changes would need making to port an sbot-based API
    - After summer school
- Jake to do poll on when the next testing event is - DONE
- Jake to update calendar with weekly meetings - DONE
- Karina to update slack bot with weekly meetings - DONE
- Josh to sort actions repo
    - Not done
- Josh to look through past surveys for V5 dev - DONE
- Jake to pick a date in September for the meeting on V5 dev, and send out email - DONE

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit packing TO-DO

- 2 Sessions
    - Kit testing
        - Get everything ready to pack
    - Kit packing
        - Flash Pis
        - Pack everything for shipping

- Outstanding tasks todo before packing kits
    - Test rugeduinos
    - Fix rest of cases
        - 1x Motorcase screws
        - 9x screws for servo
    - Clean/ test webcams and usb hubs
    - Wire to cut and bundle
    - Flash Pi image onto SD cards
    - Test batteries/ chargers
- Outstanding things to buy before packing
    - Power cables (look at inventory for quantity)
    - Lipo bags (15-20 needed)
    - Wire for kits
    - Packing material
- Will need a new plan for getting the kits to shipping provider

#### Date of next event

- When is it going to be
    - Kickstart is 21st of October
    - Pick date of event in next meeting
- Where is it going to be
    - Southampton
    - Need to book a room
- ACTION Josh to post a reminder about the poll


### Software for kickstart

#### Board firmware

- Done

#### Python API

- Will to investigate what changes would need making to port an sbot-based API
    - Unlikely to happen before Smallpeice

#### User code manager

- Use the same astoria build as last year

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Games hasnt been decided yet
- Vision needs to be fixed
- Need to poke andy about the SIG

#### Board testers

- All done, used at the last testing event
    - ACTION Josh to ask will about what tweaks he wanted to the power board tester
- Needs documenting

#### Docs overhaul

- Look at the docs as a whole
- Add guides / cookbooks on how to certain things
- Help rookies a bit more?
- Tutorials
- Lessons
- ACTION Josh to plan a SIG for after the summer school

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Delayed until after kickstart discussions until then

#### V5 Kit

- Josh has been through the past few years of comp feedback to feed into development
- Josh is looking into the structure of this meeting

### Other

- Tickets from help desk
    - Jake to look through these
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
