# Kit Team Meeting 2023-11-07

## Attendees

### Present

- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman
- Muhie
- Keith Emerson
- Karina Kwaitek
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

## Topics

### KEG damaged PSU

- It's unlikely we have any spares
- ACTION: Jake to confirm with supervisor and order another
    - There's a link to a decent one in Slack

### Kit recovery

- Would be good to get moving

### Mentoring

- Being worked on by competition team

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- If we don't announce Wednesday, it's not happening

#### Board testers

- Needs documentation
- Not pressing right now

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Some research has already been done
- ACTION: Jake to try and find it
    - Drive or Slack

#### V5 Kit

- Josh has pulled requirements into a requirement doc
    - Input needed (by next Tuesday)
- ACTION: Jake to schedule meeting for next Tuesday

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - V5 meeting
- After meeting doing
    - Nothing
- AOB?
    - GDC's kit is with Scarzy
    - All Committees Meeting next week
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

