# Kit Team Meeting 2023-07-18

## Attendees


### Present

- Josh Perriman
- Karina Kwiatek
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward
- Diane Dowling
- Jake Howard
- Alistair Lynn

### Apologies

-

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit collation event summary

- A summary of the last kit cleaning/testing event
    - 3 kits back from postbox
    - most of V4 kit has been tested
        - Will has results and will make sure inventory is upto date
    - Rugeduinos not tested
    - Some cases been fixed
    - Kits have been cleaned (not webcams/usb hubs)
    - Bad power cables been identified

#### Kit packing To-dO

- Outstanding tasks todo before packing kits
    - Test rugeduinos
    - Fix rest of cases
        - 1x Motorcase screws
        - 9x screws for servo
    - Clean/ test webcams and usb hubs
    - Wire to cut and bundle
    - Flash Pi image onto SD cards
    - Test batteries/ chargers
- Outstanding things to buy before packing
    - Power cables (look at inventory for quantity)
    - Lipo bags (15-20 needed)
    - Wire for kits
    - Packing material
        - Get ahead on material, get stuff for next year
- Our previous courier is happy to ship the kits again
    - Will need a new plan for getting the kits to them, due to the number

#### Date of next event

- When is it going to be
    - Kickstart is 21st of October
    - Weeks starting the one after summer school (w/b 2023-08-07)
    - Jake will do poll
    - Doing 12th could work, as many people will be in Southampton for Smallpeice
- Where is it going to be
    - Southampton
    - Need to book a room (to do once we have a date)
- What are we going to do
    - Depends on progress of kit software/ image
    - At minimum finish testing and have everything ready to pack
- trustee
    - Diane wants to combine the next event with a social
        - Need to notify her with a date when we have it
    - Diane will sort disposal of old batteries

### Software for kickstart

#### Board firmware

- Is this all done
    - Yes
    - Releases done and binaries attached
    - Most boards flashed (ones that have not are noted)
- Any outstanding things to do
    - Some testing done, summer school with provide more testing

#### Python API

- What is the plan
    - Current API supports the power board needs to support the others
    - Summer school API already has support
    - Look at porting bits across
    - Will to investigate what changes would need making to port an sbot-based API
        - Unlikely to happen before Smallpeice

#### User code manager

- What is the plan
    - Astoria works fine
    - Leave it as is

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Sig run by Andy
    - Respond to post in general if interested: https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/C0EEJ0ASY/p1689611975565779
    - Simulator needs updating for new game + add vision

#### Board testers

- Powerboard tester progress
    - Complete
    - Maybe need some minor tweaks 
- Needs documenting
 
### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Current state of things
    - Not a lot has been done
    - Who owns the inventory?
    - Keep using the current one for now?
    - Other things currently take priority
    - Could get away with tooling changes
        - Commands for commonly done things
    - Could use a container move to port the inventory (start from scratch?)
    - Could we track whether items are in the new inventory, allowing us to do a phased transition?
- Plan
    - Potentially start post kickstart
    - Delay discussions until then

#### V5 Kit

- When
    - In the off weeks of kit team meetings
    - Should be separate to avoid taking over the rest of the meeting discussions
    - Try and have initial meeting before kickstart, to get the ball rolling
- What
    - Go back to first principles - "What is a kit?"
    - We'll need to try and avoid the "Many Cooks" problem. Perhaps wide invitation at first, then narrow afterwards
    - Lots of people have lots of opinions - we want to hear them
    - Will want discussions with Competition Committee about potential impacts on game / competition, in both directions
    - Perhaps a survey for volunteers to collect opinions?
    - CC have a robotics department
- Plan
    - Josh to look through past surveys
    - Jake to pick a date in September (non-meeting Tuesday) for the meeting, and send out email

### Other

- Tickets from help desk
    - Karina has sent to Jake, who will find the important issues
- Move to weekly meetings?
    - People say yes
    - Jake to update calendar - DONE
    - Karina to update slack bot - DONE
- Kit Shipping / Returns
    - Returns
        - Diane is going to look at chasing returns
        - Outstanding returns from this year = 3
        - https://github.com/srobo/kit-logistics
    - Shipping
        - Happy for the same as last year
        - Shipping details need to be in same format
        - Need a way to get kits to shipping place
            - Multiple thursdays 
            - Van???
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - V5 kit dev
    - Kit testing summary
    - Kit packing poll
    - Simulator call to action
    - New board firmware shipped
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Testing things

## Action Points

- 
