# Kit Team Meeting 2023-03-07

## Attendees

### Present

- Keith Emerson
- Dan Trickey
- Karina Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- 

## Topics

- Image QA Process
    - we should create come guidance for how to test an image
    - should the owner/builder/tester/signoff be different people
    - Owners are not responsible for bugs should any be discovered
    - GitHub checklist to be ticked off by release owner
        - Issue Template?
    - owner to produce changelog
- Competition Planning
    - Review tasks
    - Helpdesk Planning
    - Kit Loan Extensions
        - We will not advertise this as possible.
    - Helpdesk Ticket System
- Team Issues
    - Astoria Bug with log writing
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

## Action Points

- Write up kit release process by one of the commitee
- Ask the comp team to explicitly tell teams that their kit will need to be returned
- Plan a doing

