# Kit Team Meeting 2023-06-06

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward
- Sam Martin

### Apologies

-

## Topics

### Kit recovery and prep

- Kit Sorting has happened
    - No testing or inspections occurred, only kit sorting and counting.
    - Will need to arrange another event for testing kits.
        - Kit testing hardware made by Keith is now with Tyler
        - We now also have a bench power supply and label printer.
    - We will need to figure out what needs repairing/replacing.
        - Josh has some replacement acrylic for cases.
    - Found that many LiPo bags are damaged.
        - We have budget to replace some of these.
        - ACTION: Order some.

### Short term projects

-

### Long term projects

- SIG reports
    - Inventory
        - Dan now has access to a test instance of Shelf.
        - https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1685979413973639?thread_ts=1681459736.729609&cid=CMQ49PXPG

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
    - Some kits were sent to Dan prior to the kit sorting event. We should check the status of those.
- SRO borrowing test rigs
    - SRO would like to borrow test rigs for this weekend.
    - Tyler currently has them.
    - Need to arrange picking them up.
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Thanks to everyone who came to Kit Sorting

## Action Points

- Find some LiPo bags to order.
- Committee: Create a budget ideas document

