# Kit Team Meeting 2023-08-22

## Attendees

### Present

- Josh Perriman
- Karina Kwiatek
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Action Points

- Josh to sort actions repo
    - Not Done
- Jake to go through tickets from help desk
    - Done
    - Not much useful output
- Will to book room for events
    - Done
    - Spoke to alex, sorting out room for 16th
    - Uni not letting people book for next week atm
- Jake to contact shipping provider
    - Done
- Will to look at changes needed for sr.robot in more detail
    - Done
- Jake to create an ideas gathering sheet for budget
    - Not Done


## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit packing events

- kit testing event (2nd September)
    - TODO before
        - Book room in Southampton
            - Uni not letting people book for next week atm
            - ACTION will to book room
            
    - TODO
        - Test rugeduinos
        - Fix rest of cases
            - 1x Motorcase screws
            - 9x screws for servo
        - Clean/test webcams
        - Clean/test USB hubs
        - Wipe USB sticks
        - Cut and bundle wire
        - Test batteries/ chargers
        - Count how many power cables / power bricks
            - Order things for packing event


- kit packing event (16th September)
    - TODO before
        - Book room in Southampton
            - Spoke to alex, sorting out room for 16th
            - ACTION will to book room
        - Finish Software/Pi image
        - Buy things
            - Power cables (look at inventory for quantity)
            - Lipo bags (15-20 needed)
            - USB drives
            - Packing material
                - Outer cardboard box
                - Void fill (speedman)
                - Jiffy bags (large and small)
        - Arrange shipping method
            - Jake contacted shipping provider
                - £10.80 for UK
                - Guernsey ??
                - Germany ~£45 ish
            - They can be collected in a van
                - Preferably after the 1st of Oct
                - Need to be stored for a couple of weeks after event
                - ACTION talk to tyler about this
            - All in favor of this option

    - TODO
        - Flash Pi images
        - Inventory all the things
        - Pack kits into boxes suitable for shipping
        - Take non packed stuff back to the container
        - Split out a box of spares for mid year shipping


### Software for kickstart

#### Python API

- Changes for sr.robot
    - Astoria integrations
        - Start button
        - Metadata
    - Arduino
    - KCH
    - Vision API changes
- Forked SBot to sr.robot
    - Started working on changes
        - KCH in
        - Astoria integration done
    - All needs testing

##### Vision API 
We need to pick what the marker object fields are

- Marker offsets have been removed
- Option 3 has been chosen
    - ACTION will to share this with simulator people

###### 1 sbot marker
- id
- size
- pixel_corners
- pixel_centre
- distance
- azimuth
- elevation
- orientation
    - yaw
    - pitch
    - roll

###### 2 simplified angle names
- id
- size
- pixel_corners
- pixel_centre
- distance
- horizontal_angle
- vertical_angle
- orientation
    - yaw
    - pitch
    - roll

###### 3 grouping position values
- id
- size
- pixel_corners
- pixel_centre
- position
    - distance
    - horizontal_angle
    - vertical_angle
- orientation
    - yaw
    - pitch
    - roll

###### 4 april_vision marker
- rvec
- tvec
- id
- size
- marker_type
- pixel_corners
- pixel_centre
- distance
- bearing
- cartesian
    - x
    - y
    - z
- spherical
    - r
    - theta
    - phi
- orientation
    - yaw
    - pitch
    - roll
    - quaternion
    - rotation_matrix
- aruco_orientation

#### Pi Image

- Status
    - Have a mostly working image
        - Networking needs some work
        - Needs tidying

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Status
    - No progress
    - Vision API has been decided so that unblocks this

#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Might do at testing event if we have a bit of idle time

#### Docs overhaul

- What do we want to do
    - Do we want to change the docs framework
        - Take to comp team meeting
            - ACTION Josh to raise

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Do we want to do anything before kickstart
    - Probably dont have capacity to do anything
- Delayed discussions until after kickstart


#### V5 Kit

- Meeting 19th Sep

### Other

- Budget
    - Need to come up with a budget
    - ACTION Josh to create a sheet
        - Kickstart
            - Shipping
            - Packing materials
            - Wire
            - Camcons ???
            - Battery chargers
            - Power cables
            - USB drives
        - Kit repairs
            - Maintance for broken stuff
            - Batteries
            - Battery Bags
        - Dev fund 
            - V5
        - Transportation
            - Van hire
        - Contingency
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Will for doing things
 
    
