# Kit Team Meeting 2023-08-15

## Attendees

### Present

- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- Karina Kwiatek

## Action Points

- Josh to sort actions repo
    - Not done
- Josh to plan a SIG for Docs overhaul for after the summer school
    - Not done
- Jake to go through tickets from help desk
    - Not done
    - Will do, honest!
- Will to book room for events
    - Not done


## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit packing events

- kit testing event (2nd September)
    - TODO before
        - Book room in Southampton
            - ACTION will to book room
        - Announce event
            - ACTION Jake to post in Slack
        - Buy things
            - Wire for kits - DONE
            
    - TODO
        - Test rugeduinos
        - Fix rest of cases
            - 1x Motorcase screws
            - 9x screws for servo
        - Clean/test webcams and usb hubs
        - Wipe USB sticks
        - Cut and bundle wire
        - Test batteries/ chargers
        - Count how many power cables / power bricks
            - Order things for packing event


- kit packing event (16th September)
    - TODO before
        - Book room in Southampton
            - ACTION will to book room
        - Announce event
            - ACTION Jake to post in slack
        - Finish Software/Pi image
        - Buy things
            - Power cables (look at inventory for quantity)
            - Lipo bags (15-20 needed)
            - Packing material
                - Outer cardboard box
                - Void fill (speedman)
                - Jify bags (large and small)
        - Arrange shipping method
            - ACTION Jake to contact shipping provider
    - TODO
        - Flash Pi images
        - Inventory all the things
        - Pack kits into boxes suitable for shipping
        - Take non packed stuff back to the container
        - Split out a box of spares for mid year shipping


### Software for kickstart

#### Python API

- Summer school testing 
    - Firmware had no issues
    - Sbot had one minor bug around game timeout
    - ACTION Jake look at if we had any more bugs/issues
- Changes for sr.robot
    - ACTION Will to look in more detail
    - Astoria integrations
        - Start button
        - Metadata
    - Arduino
    - KCH
    - Vision API changes

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Status
- Vision has been tested and Webots has been fixed since last years version
- sr.robot needs to decide what the vision API looks like

#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Might do at testing event if we have a bit of idle time

#### Docs overhaul

- Josh will plan a SIG

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Do we want to do anything before kickstart
    - Probably dont have capacity to do anything
- Delayed discussions until after kickstart


#### V5 Kit

- Meeting 19th Sep

### Other

- Budget
    - Need to come up with a budget
        - ACTION Jake to create an ideas gathering sheet
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Tyler for buying the wire
