# Kit Team Meeting 2023-08-01

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- James Seden Smith
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Action Points

- Will to investigate what changes would need making to port an sbot-based API
    - After summer school
- Josh to sort actions repo
    - Not done
- Jake to go through tickets from help desk
    - Not done
- Josh to plan a SIG for Docs overhaul for after the summer school
    - Not done
- Send out reminder for kit event doodble poll - DONE


## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit packing TO-DO

- 2 Sessions
    - Kit testing
        - Get everything ready to pack
        - Testing etc..
    - Kit packing
        - Flash Pis
        - Pack everything for shipping

- Outstanding tasks todo before packing kits
    - Test rugeduinos
    - Fix rest of cases
        - 1x Motorcase screws
        - 9x screws for servo
    - Clean/ test webcams and usb hubs
    - Wipe USB sticks
    - Wire to cut and bundle
    - Flash Pi image onto SD cards
    - Test batteries/ chargers
- Outstanding things to buy before packing
    - Power cables (look at inventory for quantity)
    - Lipo bags (15-20 needed)
    - Wire for kits
        - ACTION Tyler to buy wire
    - Packing material

#### Date of next event

- When is it going to be
    - 2nd September - Testing event
    - 16th Sep - Packing event
- Where is it going to be
    - Southampton
    - Need to book a room
        - ACTION Will to get a room booked

### Software for kickstart

#### Python API

- Will to investigate what changes would need making to port an sbot-based API
    - Unlikely to happen before summer school

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- James spoke to Andy about it
    - Andy and Peter are doing this
    - Testing latest version of webots
        - This fixes the main vision bug

#### Board testers

- Documentation

#### Docs overhaul

- Josh will plan a SIG after summer school

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Do we want to do anything before kickstart
    - Some people have scripts, that could be shared more
- Delayed until after kickstart discussions until then


#### V5 Kit

- Meeting 19th Sep

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Upcoming events 
        - 2nd September - Testing event
        - 16th September - Packing event
        - 19th September - V5 kit dev - meeting invite sent to all
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Tyler buying the wire




