# Kit Team Meeting 2023-04-11

## Attendees

### Present

- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- Keith Emerson
- Karina Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies


## Topics

- [Competition Tasks](https://github.com/orgs/srobo/projects/15/views/19)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- List of regressions
    - We need to note down the regressions in the kit we've encountered over the course of this year so they can be fixed ahead of next year.
    - Karina to speak to Dan
- Astoria Protocol Draft
    - Dan wrote a draft of a stable protocol for Astoria
    - It has some breaking changes, but fixes known issues.
    - https://github.com/srobo/astoria/pull/204
- Kit Hardware Revision
    - Karina to set up Doodle poll for kick-off meeting
- Kit testing hardware
    - We should outline a specification for kit testing rigs for each of the boards
    - We need to decide on how automated this should be
    - Considering we want to do an overhaul of the SR kit, this may be worth holding off until then.
    - Karina to discuss with KTC
- Things on the Roadmap
    - It would be good if we could improve handling of USB communication issues in our API.
    - Eliminating/Reducing issues with PipeErrors/CommunicationErrors would take a lot of load off volunteers and provide a better experience to competitors.
- Kit collation
    - Need to book a place and a time
    - Karina to ensure this gets sorted out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Once dates for kit hardware kick-off and kit collation are sorted, we should announce those
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

## Action Points

- Figure out where to get no-shows/drop-outs to send their kits to
