# Kit Team Meeting 2023-09-19

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward
- Karina Kwaitek
- Keith Emerson
- Daniel Muir


### Apologies

- Josh Perriman

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit packing events

- kit packing event (16th September, 32/lvl 3 seminar room booked)
    - TODO before
        - ACTION jake to send a reminder in slack (DONE)
        - Pray to anyone who will listen that the right chargers arrive in time
            - All things ordered, we will choose what to ship on Sat depending on what turns
        - Kit list
            - Done, needs printing
        - Finish Software/Pi image - DONE
        - Buy things
            - Power cables - DONE
            - Lipo bags - Not going to buy
            - USB drives - DONE
            - Packing material - DONE
                - Outer cardboard box
                - ~~Void fill (speedman)~~ Hive wrap
                - Jiffy bags ~~(large and small)~~
                - Packing tape
        - Arrange shipping method
            - Matching boxes with destinations
                - Reference on the box (top right of short side)
                - Seperate list matching box ref to address
            - Jake to sort getting addresses of teams 

    - TODO
        - Storage charge remaining batteries - DONE
        - Asset code new equipment - DONE
            - Will
        - Cut wire - DONE
        - Flash Pi images - DONE
            - Coming with lewis
        - Flash Ruggeduino firmware - DONE
            - Josh will do this
        - Inventory all the things
        - Pack kits into boxes suitable for shipping - DONE
            - "Batteries must be packaged individually, in such a way that they cannot come into contact with other batteries. Lithium batteries that are swollen, or with any form of damage must not be shipped."
            - "package the batteries top-most inside the really useful box"
            - Label the outer cardboard boxes (top right corner of the short side) with the inner RUBs SR part code
        - Take non packed stuff back to the container 
        - Split out a box of spares for mid year shipping - DONE

#### Kit shipping

- ACTION: Jake to coordinate with Chris for collecting kits
- ACTION: Jake to ensure we get the addresses from competition team soon
- ACTION: Will to document how we packed at the event
- ACTION: Count how much wire we have so we don't need to buy as much next year
- ACTION: Find out what kit went with James (RUB wise)
- ACTION: Karina to find way of getting batteries to MAI

##### Confirming kit details

- If a team doesn't get us a secondary contact detail, they're not getting a kit.
- We need to be more proactive about getting kits back after the competition.
- ACTION: Update dates / links in kit disclaimer form

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Not huge amounts of progress yet
- Doings on the next few weeks to help progress

#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Branch created in the kit testing docs
    - ACTION Josh to look at this (probably after student docs)
    - Building guide 

#### Docs overhaul

- Great progress is still being made
- Hoping to deploy later this week
    - Will help review fro non-technical people

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- [CI fix](https://github.com/srobo/inventory/pull/11)
- Delayed discussions until after kickstart

#### V5 Kit

- Meeting postponed until 3rd Oct

### Other

- Budget
    - Havent heard anything yet
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Event on Saturday went well
- After meeting doing
    - no doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Everyone that showed up for kit packing
    - Josh for organising (and running) kit packing

