# Kit Team Meeting 2023-10-17

## Attendees

### Present

- Josh Perriman
- Scarzy
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Jack Williamson
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- Karina Kwaitek
- Jake Howard

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit shipping

- ACTION: Jake to coordinate with Chris for collecting kits
    - ALL kits have been shipped
- ACTION: Will to document how we packed at the event
- ACTION: Count how much wire we have so we don't need to buy as much next year
- ACTION: Karina to find way of getting batteries to MAI
    - Looking into places to get batteries in person
    - if not get them to buy the batteries
- ACTION: Take non packed stuff back to the container

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- "basically done" - comp team meeting
- Plan was to design kickstart as if we dont have a simulator
    - Then it can be added back in if required
- Will put a post in Simulator channel with a list of issues
    - Main issue is the performance
        - Large burden on the person recording the comp matches
    - Marker detection can see through walls/tokens/everything
    - Differences between the sim and physical APIs
    - Documentation is not complete
        - This was a large issue with teams last year stuggling to set it up
- Concerned at the speed of progress
    - Need time to:
        - Resolve physics issues
        - document things to a suitable level
        - Check the APIs line up
        - Performance
- We should ship it as a dev tool
    - Not tie into doing virtual comp
    - Focus on the challenges during the year
        - Getting an MVP chassis without distraction
    - Having the virtual comp penalises small teams
- Kickstart email in draft specifies that they will need the simulator
    - Should hold fire on this
    - ACTION: follow up at COMP team meeting


#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Branch created in the kit testing docs
    - ACTION Josh to look at this (probably after student docs)
    - Building guide 

#### Docs overhaul

- Robot101 page ready for review
- Mostly done Blocked on:
    - rules
    - microgames
    - simulator

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Delayed discussions until after kickstart

#### V5 Kit

- No progress this week


### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - All kits have been shipped and are in teams hands
- After meeting doing
    - no doing
- AOB?
    - GDC's kit is with Scarzy
        - Will keep hold of it until a tech day
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Everyone for getting the kits shipped
