# Kit Team Meeting 2023-11-21

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward 
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

## Topics

### Kier's batteries

- They have a bunch of batteries
- They are ok with shipping them
- Where do we send them?
- Jake will receive them

### Mentoring

- Being worked on by competition team

### Short term projects

#### Board testers

- Needs documentation
- Not pressing right now

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Jake found the requirements / interviews done in the past
- No notes found about tools that were researched / tried
    - Jake to complile list of options and do they fit us

#### V5 Kit

- Meeting was done last week
- Requirements are in a good place
- Now looking at the ideas around the requirements

### Kit recovery

- No update

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - V5 meeting
    - pi USB issue
- After meeting doing
    - Nothing
- AOB?
    - GDC's kit is with Scarzy
    - sr-robot version confusion in github
        - Update names
        - Pin correct version
        - Update PyPi, trusted publishers
    - Discord vision, people want to use own cameras
        - Josh to look into documenting calibration files
        - Josh to look into documenting camera calibration
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Will for finding the weird USB issues
        - Decided that we are not shipping an update for this
