# Kit Team Meeting 2023-12-19

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

- Josh Perriman

## Topics

### Team issues

### Short term projects

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- No update

#### V5 Kit

- There was a meeting on the 12th
    - 

### Kit recovery

- No update

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
    - Nothing
- AOB?
    - GDC's kit is with Scarzy
    - Questions about mentoring
        - Andy is sorting this out
            - No progress so far
        - Difficult to know how teams are getting on
    - Stuff from summer still in Tylers garage
        - Need to ask Jake about taking it back to the container
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - 
