# Kit Team Meeting 2023-10-24

## Attendees

### Present

- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward
- Kian Robins
- Muhie
- Keith Emerson

### Apologies

- Josh Perriman

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit shipping

- We've paid the first invoice
- All kits have been shipped
- Inventory is updated
- ACTION: Jake to create KLIs
- There's 1 team with an Arduino issue
    - Will's looking into it

### Short term projects

#### The simulator
    
- Shipped for microgames
- Competition committee might announce a virtual competition later
- Still some blockers (as before)
    - Main issue is the performance
        - Large burden on the person recording the comp matches
    - Marker detection can see through walls/tokens/everything
    - Differences between the sim and physical APIs
    - Documentation could be improved
- Disparity between competiton and kit committees as to the plan
    - One for the all-committees meeting?

#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Branch created in the kit testing docs
    - ACTION Josh to look at this (probably after student docs)
    - Building guide 

#### Docs overhaul

- Basically done :heavy_check_mark: 
- Everything remaining is open as an issue

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Delayed discussions until after kickstart
- Perhaps another one for all-committees?
    - Or a kick-off meeting

#### V5 Kit

- No progress this week

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - 
- After meeting doing
    - no doing
- AOB?
    - GDC's kit is with Scarzy
        - Will keep hold of it until a tech day
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

