# Kit Team Meeting 2023-09-26

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwaitek
- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- Keith Emerson
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Topics

### Hardware for kickstart

#### Kit shipping

- Comp team has sent out the email to get details
    - Deadline of the 1st for responses (14 responses so far, 8 valid)
- ACTION: Tyler to arrange for kits to be collected (most likely the 4th)
- ACTION: Jake to coordinate with Chris for collecting kits
- ACTION: Jake to ensure we get the addresses from competition team soon
- ACTION: Jake to ensure shipping details get to shipping provider
- ACTION: Will to document how we packed at the event
- ACTION: Count how much wire we have so we don't need to buy as much next year
- ACTION: Find out what kit went with James (RUB wise)
    - Need to inventory
- ACTION: Karina to find way of getting batteries to MAI
    - Looking into places to get batteries in person
    - if not get them to buy the batteries
- ACTION: Take non packed stuff back to the container

### Short term projects

#### The simulator

- Doing was done at the weekend
    - Some progress made
        - Implimentation for Arduino 
        - Vision test framework
    - Lots still to do
- Concerned at the speed of progress

#### Board testers

- Documentation
    - Branch created in the kit testing docs
    - ACTION Josh to look at this (probably after student docs)
    - Building guide 

#### Docs overhaul

- Robot101 page ready for review
- Mostly done Blocked on:
    - rules
    - microgames
    - simulator

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Delayed discussions until after kickstart

#### V5 Kit

- Meeting postponed until 3rd Oct

### Other

- Budget
    - Havent heard anything yet
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Josh to sort this
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - V5 kit discussion
- After meeting doing
    - no doing
- AOB?
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
