# Kit Team Meeting 2023-01-31

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Tyler Ward
- Keith Emerson
- Alistair Lynn :wave:

### Apologies

- Will Barber

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
    - A power board was sent to PSC
- Impromptu:
    - ACTION: Tyler to sort out kit shipping budget
- Vision Issue in 2023.2.0
    - Retro:
        - Will and Josh need a SR Pi
        - We need a proper image QA process
            - ACTION: write a QA process
- Review Roadmap Document
    - The Kit Team Committee have added timeframes.
    - ACTION: create Doodle poll for kickoff for planned projects / doing day
- Competition Prep
    - Helpdesk
        - Last Year: https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues/836
        - We need a better way to keep track of team issues this year.
            - [Some Requirements](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z2Jewed6ZMIL45blC576zTadyTPOQXLoq66ml7du7Ao/edit#)
        - Volunteer Training Sessions
            - Flowchart for kit debugging?
                - Tick box list, make it available to teams
            - Diagnostics program?
            - ACTION: Review the interactive troubleshooter
            - ACTION: Investigate standard diagnostics program.
        - ACTION: arrange time for training helpdesk volunteers
        - ACTION: Send demand for volunteers to competition team
    - Kit Returns
        - Same as last year?
        - ACTION: sort out this
    - Kit Loan Extensions
        - It would be good to measure demand before the competition. Can we ask teams to apply before the competition?
        - Additional contact detail requirements
        - ACTION: Write comms and process for this. Ready for 1st March
- Kit Testing Rigs
    - We have £100 to repair them.
    - ACTION: Work out what needs to be repaired and what parts are required. We need a requirements docs
    - ACTION: Research and price two bench power supplies. Budget £200
    - ACTION: Move kit maintenance docs into runbook.
- v5 Kit
    - ACTION: Volunteer comms and doodle poll for first meeting.
- Kit Collation
    - We should begin to set dates
    - 13th May as a provisional date.
    - We need cleaning materials, a venue and a van.
    - ACTION: Book a room at Southampton University (check no open days at uni)
    - ACTION: Alistair to let us know if the comp team are doing a container run after the competition.
- Kit Packing
    - We should begin to set dates
    - We need to order Lipo bags and battery chargers to be ready for these dates. What are the lead times?
    - ACTION: Buy lipo bags and chargers on the doing day.
- Arena Communications
    - Dan has been doing some investigation
    - Slack Channel: [`#proj-arena-connectivity`](https://app.slack.com/client/T0EEPF1LH/C04JJ476E15)
    - If we add the kit-side software, we have the capability to run it, even if we don't have time to actually get the arena-side ready.
- Inventory Software
    - We should consider what to do about this again.
    - As Kit Collation is coming up, we are once again approaching the time of year where it will become painful.
    - The currently inventory is not a good state and the data is not believed to be accurate.
    - Let's investigate this at the kit doing day.
- Software Supply Chain
    - We must have april_vision in the srobo org if we are to continue using it.
    - It is too critical for us to leave it external.
    - An alternative would be to fork and maintain a fork.
        - This hopefully isn't necessary.
- Next Software Release: 2023.3.0
    - WiFi Client
    - Wifi Channel Fix
    - Publish unannotated images to MQTT (Arena connectivity)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

## Action Points

-
