# Kit Team Meeting 2023-05-09

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

-

## Topics

### Kit testing hardware

- Progress has been made
- Motor board connection jig done
- Servo board being worked on next

### Kit recovery and prep

- Kit collation event
    - Will is going to be talking with some members of SRO tomorrow, could discuss then
    - Could spread the event over 2 days due to the 3-day weekend

### Short term projects

-
 
### Long term projects

- SIG reports

### Build Pis

- Do we still want them?
    - If no, we should inform infrastructure team
    - Decision: We should decommission the build Pis
        - If we need them again, we can rebuild, maybe as a VPS instead

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
- List of things to document
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Kit collation event
    - CTA for SIGs
    - Development Roadmap
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Keith for work on kit testing hardware
- AOB: sr.robot3 on PyPI is very out of date

## Action Points

-
