# Kit Team Meeting 2024-10-05

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Jake Howard
- Will Barber
- Keith Emerson

### Apologies

## Topics

- Kit shipping
    - Most teams seem to have their kits
    - TLC
        - Dispatched today
        - Without batteries
        - TLC now have their own batteries which they can use
    - MDN
        - Delayed arrival
        - Jake to chase UPS later in the week
    - Stuff with James will be taken back to the container at some point
        - Ideally leaving some Pis and other spare kit in Horsham for easy access

- Mentoring
    - Have it all in the kit team
        - Karina will head up mentoring, not teams
    - Robocon has some good getting started tutorials we should take inspiration from
    - The smallpeice summer school labs also have good content to take insiration from
    - 8 teams and 7 mentors at the moment
        - Perhaps not worth chasing quite yet
    - Karina to assign mentors to teams

- Interrupts
    - They're useful for things like rotary encoders
    - Could we provide an API
        - Probably
        - Reset, Get, Set
    - Could this be a tutorial instead?
        - Good learning experience for competitors
        - Split interrupt handling on arduino with custom arduino comms
    - Our kit doesn't need to support everything, if we have the docs to back it up
    
- Simulator
    - Released and done
    - Potentially further testing needed
    - It would be nice to get a better test harness for it
        - Could be used to test API as well as simulator
    
- Meetings
    - Move back to fortnightly until February / March time
    
### Short term projects

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- Try out snipe-it
    - We should set up an instance to play around with
    - There is budget for this
    - Not urgent

#### V5 Kit

- No update

### Kit recovery

- We should start chasing up
    - Some may just be written off


### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

