# Kit Team Meeting 2024-06-18

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Jake Howard

### Apologies


## Topics

- Kit return
    - There are some kits in UK Postbox
        - Jake is working with Scarzy to get them delivered to him
    - We need to chase teams
        - Jake to email teams we've not heard from
        - Jake to modify email template for use with older teams, and send that too
    
- Kit collation event
    - Date booked as 20th July
        - Jake to create calendar event and post in Slack
    - Getting kits from the container
        - It's 1.5 hours each way from Horsham
        - Likely to need a Van
        - Plans:
            - Jake collects as much as possible, topped up by any volunteers coming in from the area (Lewis?)
            - Jake to get a van and get everything beforehand
            - Jake to get a van and get everything morning-of
                - This is a bad idea - it will delay the start of the event
    - Plan for the day
        - Be more efficient than last year!
        - Kit packing went well - are there lessons from that we can steal?
            - Jake to ask Will/Josh if plans for last year exist
    - Storing kits after the event
        - We can't store items in the venue
        - Diane's office?
        - Jake's relatives (and flat)
        - Jake to ask Diane about viability of her office
    
### Short term projects

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- No update

#### V5 Kit

- No update

### Kit recovery

- No update

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

