# Kit Team Meeting 2024-05-21

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwaitek
- Keith Emerson
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

- 

## Topics

- Kit return
    - ~3 kits returned so far
        - Maybe more
        - Jake to find out what's in postbox
    - We should chase teams again
        - As it's half term soon, we'll chase afterwards (4th June)
    - There are lots of older items in the logistics list
        - Jake to review and determine next steps
- Kit collation
    - We need to do an event
    - Best defer until we have more kits back
    - Jake to reach out to James / Alex RE potential venues
    - Logistics for getting items from container will depend on venue
    - Jake to poll for potential dates (once venues are known)

### Short term projects

### Long term projects

#### Inventory

- No update

#### V5 Kit

- No update

### Kit recovery

- No update

### Other

- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
    - ACTION Sort this out
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- After meeting doing
- AOB?
    
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

