# SR KTC motions passed in meeting on 2019-10-30

Date/time of meeting: Wednesday 30th October 2019, 19:30

Present: Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal


## Format of published minutes

**Background:**
Currently we do not have a definition of what is supposed
to be in the minutes of a meeting, and our minutes so far have
generally been notes from discussions in meetings interlaced with
records of the decisions that have been made. This makes it difficult
for committee members to sign-off on minutes, as it is not clear
whether they are signing-off on the decisions in the minutes, or the
surrounding notes (... and they would have to re-hash the discussion
to have the minutes modified). It also makes it difficult to work out
what decisions have been made, as they are mixed up amongst other
statements that have no impact on operations.

Furthermore, the public posting of the notes that are in the minutes
makes it more difficult for committee members to have conversations
about partially-formed ideas with the rest of the committee. Our
ability as a committee to constructively discuss is hampered by the
need to vet everything we say in a meeting, lest it be misinterpreted
by an arbitrary third-party reading the meeting notes.

**Proposal:**
It is proposed that the meeting minutes contain the following
information, and no more:
* The time and date of the meeting
* The names of the people present at the meeting
* A concise and clear description of the motions passed (a.k.a. the
  decisions made) at the meeting. These may include a short
  background section to include any necessary context for the motion
  to make sense to a committee-member who is referring back to the
  minutes in the future. Each motion should have the number of votes for/against recorded against it.

**Resolution:**
4 in favour, 1 not present. Motion passed.


## Reduce meeting frequency to fortnightly

**Background:**
Now that Kickstart and brainstorming are both out of the way, we
have less discussion and more action to do.

**Proposal:**
Meetings shall take place every two weeks (unless rescheduled due
to special circumstances).

**Resolution:**
4 in favour, 1 not present. Motion passed.


## Odroid software prep for Kickstart

Originally proposed via email on 2019-10-11.

**Background:**
The software that runs on the robots needs updating so
that it's compatible with the SR2020 game. The kit team is still
unstructured, pending discussion at the brainstorming session on the
13th. Therefore a temporary arrangement is required.

**Proposal:**
That we delegate reponsibility for getting the software
that runs on the ODROID ready for SR2020 to Rob Gilton. Once the
software is shipped to teams/robots at kickstart this responsibility
will expire.

**Resolution:**
4 in favour, 1 not present. Motion passed.

**Comment:**
Obviously, Kickstart has already happened, and so the responsibility
for doing this has already expired. Nevertheless this was informally
in effect from the moment the proposal was made to the end of Kickstart.


## Directing meetings using a Kanban board

Originally proposed via email on 2019-10-08.

**Background:**
The current(1) meeting process is directed by written agenda, and action points resulting from the meeting are tracked in github issues until the next meeting when their statuses are reviewed and discussed. This involves a lot of manual copy-and-pasting and synchronisation between github and documents on the secretary's part.
 
**Proposal:**
Adopt a new meeting process that is directed by a kanban board.
Github Projects shall be used to host the board because of its tight integration with Github issues, and because the majority of the committee are familiar with Github.

The board has the following columns:
* "Requires discussion": card that require discussion before (further) action can be taken on them. This is generally kept sorted by priority.
* "Ready": card that are actionable, but no action has been taken on them yet.
* "In progress": card that are actionable and have had some action taken on them already.
* "Done": card that have been recently completed.
* "Blocked": card that are temporarily neither discussable nor actionable e.g. because a third party needs to take action
* "Ideas": card that we would like to do or discuss at some point in the future, but aren't fleshed out enough or high priority enough for us to do so at the moment.
A card can correspond to an issue for tracking the status of a task, or to a freeform discussion point.

A meeting will proceed as follows:
* A brief status update is shared for each of the cards in the "Done", "In progress", "Ready" and "Blocked" columns. Cards are moved to a more appropriate column if needed. Cards in the "Done" column can be archived once discussed.
* We work through as much of the "requires discussion" column as is practical in the time available. This may lead to action points being created in the "Ready" column.
* We ensure that all tasks in "Ready" and "In progress", including newly created one, have an assignee.
* We agree on a date/time for the next meeting.

(1) Formally. Informally, we've already been using the kanban board-based workflow for a couple of weeks now.

**Resolution:**
4 in favour, 1 not present. Motion passed.


## Battery handling coordinator

**Background:**
Lax battery handling procedures since the end of SR2019 (and possibly earlier) resulted in a large number of batteries being stored at full charge.
Batteries that had been stored in this manner had a significantly higher failure rate during kit testing that those that had been stored at "storage charge" level.
As a result we had to dispose of a large number of batteries and buy new ones.
Tom recommends that this could be avoided in the future if we ensure someone is responsible for ensuring batteries are handled correctly, and volunteered to fill this role himself.

**Proposal:**
Assign responsibility for ensuring batteries are safely and responsibly stored and transported to Tom, until such time as the prospective "Assets Team" (or equivalent) is formed, who will then assume this responsibility.

**Resolution:**
4 in favour, 1 not present. Motion passed.
