# SR KTC Meeting Notes 2019-11-27

Date: Wednesday 27th November 2019, 19:30

Present: Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal

* Kit shipping:
    * still no luck on the battery documentation front
    * we're going to have this problem in the future
    * short term solutions
        * ship the kit without the batteries and order new batteries directly to teams
            * https://www.overlander.co.uk/batteries/lipo-batteries/2200mah-3s-11-1v-25c-lipo-battery-xt60-overlander-sport.html
    * long term solutions
        * replace some our batteries with ones that have documentation e.g. Overlander
    * we'll buy batteries for 9 kits
* ops manual changes
    * development now missing - keep kit relevant
    * person for comms with comp team
        * comp team should also have a person for this
        * committees should be able to define it themselves
    * requests for late return of kit - who is communicating with teams? better if we don't
* KTC<->CTC meeting
    * what ongoing interactions exist between the teams?
    * what are we expecting from each other over the next year?
        * CT expecting kit support, kit collection at competition
    * user management & forums
        * managed by CT. access provided to KT.
    * volunteer signup & mailing lists
        * possible solution:
            * teams have their own mailing lists for volunteers interested in the team
            * volunteers can join either/both mailing lists when they sign up
            * emails to the wider "all volunteers" are worked on / approved by both teams
    * runbook
        * CT happy for runbook to be shared across SR, and for various sections to be owned by each team.
        * Managed as a collaboration between both teams.
        * Task: look through runbook, see what existing stuff should be moved into our remit.
* First team formation: Support Team
    * Need to define the kit team values and the responsibilities of this team first
    * Send an email out to ask for interest

