# SR KTC Meeting 2019-09-25

Date: Wednesday 25th September 2019, 19:30

Present: Kajetan Champlewski, Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey

## Minutes

* Examine inventory
    * Done. We have notified the competition team that we intend to 
support 40 kits.
* South Bank as venue for brainstorming
    * Not happening; it would take too long to get building access.
* Approval of ops manual addition
    * This happened via a meeting with trustees.
* Using Github projects to manage tasks/agenda
    * In progress
* Brainstorming venue
    * This will be in Southampton due to proximity to a kit packing 
event.
    * Dan has booked 34/5007.
* Issue creation bot
    * No progress yet
    * If the github projects trial goes well, this probably won't be 
needed.
* Public github perms
    * Anyone can comment on an issue right now
    * No obvious way to disable non-team commenting on issues
    * Rob will continue to investigate this
* Notification spam
    * You can unwatch the repo so that you only get an email when 
you're directly involved.
    * Kier will investigate whether we can change the default 
notification settings for repositories
    * Rob will work with Tom to help make his notifications more sane
* Kickstart emails
    * Kickstart email went out without any mention of kit packing
    * It would have been nice if there was one email containing info 
about both events
    * Indicative of isolation between kit team and competition team
* Budget
    * Trustees have requested a detailed budget
    * Postpone until after brainstorming, since we haven't planned 
what our structure is or what projects we're running
* Kickstart
    * Tom's away, so no update
* Will adopt using github projects to lead meetings
    * Kier will prepare a motion to formalise this
* Next meeting: wednesday

