# SR KTC Meeting Notes 2019-10-30

Date: Wednesday 30th October 2019, 19:30

Present: Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal

* Kickstart kit shipping status
    * 25 teams have kit
    * 12 teams need kit to be shipped (9 expected + 3 no shows)
    * Rob has 7 kits, Kier has 2, Jake has the rest (6?)
    * Rob will chase up with CTC whether any/all of the three no shows are still intending on competing
    * DispatchBay
* Odroid overlay
    * Done (including last-minute marker size and /etc/hosts fixes)
* How we publish minutes/notes
    * https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/30
    * Rename kit-team-minutes to kit-team-notes, make less public
    * New repo kit-team-motions to record only formal decisions
    * Kier to do some github-fu
* Fortnightly meetings
    * All in agreement
    * Next meeting will be Nov 13.
* Chasing up proposal from a few weeks ago
    * odroid: passed in meeting
    * kanban: passed in meeting
* Ops manual changes
    * Kier: get diff ready for review
* Battery management
    * Motion to assign Tom as Battery Master until formation of Asset team
    * Passed
* Vision document
    * Will be published along with details of the first subteam (Infrastructure)
    * Where to host?
* Regular meetings with competition team
    * Topics
        * Who owns team account management?
        * Who owns forums?
        * How to implement documentation?
        * How to manage tasks?
        * How to manage communication?
        * What kit prep expenses are coming out of which budget?
    * When?
        * Rob will do a doodle poll
* Finance
    * Our budget is Â£1250 (Kier was confused about what the figure actually was)
    * Unclear what kit prep expenses are coming from kit team or competition team budgets
    * Kier needs to send receipt for USB sticks to Tom




