# SR KTC Meeting 2019-09-10

Date: Tuesday 10th September 2019, 19:30

Present: Kajetan Champlewski, Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey

## Agenda

* Status of outstanding action points:
    * Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
    * Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
    * Tom will email the people who have signed up so far (#7)
    * Rob will initiate discussion about whether we want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual (#9)
    * Kier will tell trustees that we’ve reviewed the key dates doc and it looks fine
    * Tom and Rob will get container key from Rich (#10)
    * Tom and Kier will examine the inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide (#11)
    * Rob to write an email to the trustees about committee roles and brainstorming session (#12)
* Could/should we use github pull requests to formalise the motion review process?
* Brief review of responses to email that went out to potential KT volunteers
* Poll Tom on kickstart kit plans
* CT/Trustee meeting

## Minutes

* Action point review
    * Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
        * A poll has been created; blocked on getting responses from all members of committee
    * Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
        * No progess since last meeting
    * Tom will email the people who have signed up so far (#7)
        * Done
    * Rob will initiate discussion about whether we want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual (#9)
        * No progess since last meeting
        * Kier will put together a motion for approving the kit team addition to the ops manual
    * Kier will tell trustees that we’ve reviewed the key dates doc and it looks fine
        * Done
    * Tom and Rob will get container key from Rich (#10)
        * Done
    * Tom and Kier will examine the inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide (#11)
        * No progress since last meeting
        * This is blocking the competition team, so Kier will try make some progress on this ASAP
    * Rob to write an email to the trustees about committee roles and brainstorming session (#12)
        * Done
* Can we restrict commenting on committee github repos?
    * Apparently we can turn off commenting for everyone with lower priviliges than a particular github team
        * Doesn't stop users with higher privileges, but that can be handled socially
    * Rob will look into this
* We've had some responses from KT volunteers with their preferences and ideas
    * In-depth discussion of this isn't necessary right now
* People can't email kit-committee@srobo from non-srobo accounts
    * This should be a public point of contact
    * Dan will contact the trustees about this
* Kickstart plans
    * Tom's away, so no update
* Meeting with competition committee and trustees (this evening)
    * Key dates - we've already looked at this and don't have any major issues
    * Ops manual additions for CT and KT
    * Budget
* Venue for brainstorming session
    * Dan might be able to get hold of a room at London South Bank University
    * Kier's flat as last resort

## Action Points

* (ongoing) Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
* (ongoing) Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
* Kier will put together a motion for approving the kit team addition to the ops manual
* Tom and Kier will examine the inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide (#11)
* Rob will look into restricting public permissions on committee github repos (#14)
* Dan will talk to trustees about allowing non-srobo users to send emails to kit-committee email group (#15)
* Dan will investigate getting South Bank uni as a venue for brainstorming (#16)
