# SR KTC Meeting 2019-10-09

Date: Wednesday 9th October 2019, 19:30

Present: Kajetan Champlewski, Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal

## Minutes

* Kit collation event (last weekend)
    * Went well
    * Almost everything is ready to be packed
    * Odroid power cables may be a problem, we need to repair quite a lot to get up to 40 kits. Tom is waiting for some heatshrink to arrive
    * Need to test more USB hubs
    * Ruggeduinos are the limiting factor - only have 41 working and tested
        * We will need to find a replacement for these next year, because it's infeasible to buy more of them now.
    * Within Â£500 budget
* Kit packing event (upcoming)
    * Hard to find a venue due to university open day
        * We'll sort this out later in the week.
* Motion to adopt github project meeting format
    * Sent out yesterday
* Odroid overlay prep
    * Rob is coordinating this
    * Some progress on this has been ma
* Puffy/damaged batteries
    * Batteries that had been stored fully charged had a *much* higher failure rate than the ones that had been storage charged.
    * We need to be more careful with this in the future.
    * Tom has found somewhere to dispose of damaged batteries.
    * Perhaps we should assign someone to take responsibility for safe storage and handling batteries.
* IDE
    * We never actually actioned the deployment
    * Thankfully, Peter is working on it anyway
    * There are concerns about the security implications of the current plan; we will go ahead with it but we need to take action to resolve these concerns.
* What is the scope of support that we will offer?
    * Discuss this in brainstorming meeting
* *that* vm
    * We have been made aware of security flaws
    * Need to take action ASAP
    * We will take a backup and shut it down
* Brainstorming
    * Rob is preparing a list of talking points for the day.
    * We should send any talking points we can think of to Rob by Friday.
    * 10:00 start
