# SR KTC Meeting 2019-08-28

Date: Wednesday 28th August 2019, 19:30

Present: Kajetan Champlewski, Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal

## Agenda

- Introduce everyone
    - Who are they, what is their background
    - What time commitment they have made
- Decide which of each of us is to sit in the named roles
    - Mandated roles
        - Chairperson
        - Secretary
        - Treasurer
    - Do we want any other roles?
- Decide upon our next steps
    - Decision making process (Rob's draft of this is below - Appendix A)
    - Regular meeting time/protocol
    - Methods of communication within the KTC
    - Kickstart is approaching, we should consider a timeline for getting kit into a shippable state
    - Org structure of the KT (_Rob's suggestion_: Small, well-defined teams.)
    - Potentially plan a brainstorming session
        - "What does a well-functioning committee look like to me?"
        - "What are the 1-, 2-, 5-year aims of the KTC?"
    - Method of recording _and prioritising_ KTC tasks.
- Ops Manual
    - Kit Team Document still in draft
    - Are we happy with the content?
    - What has changed from our previous submission?
        - https://www.diffchecker.com/agxZpgWz
    - Issues raised:
        - OSI vs CC licensing (Kajetan)
        - Does kit team need to clean kit and put it in nice team shaped boxes and suchlike¿‽
- Kit team
    - 7 people have declared interest in joining the kit team so far
- Relationship with other teams
    - We need to communicate to other teams to work out how we share resources and information
        - Emailing Volunteers
        - GitHub
        - Tasks List
        - etc
- Documentation
    - The Core (competition now) team set up a "run book" for them to document how they do things.
    - We should have something similar, but also include technical details / documentation
    - Alternatively there could be a single runbook shared by both teams (relevant: https://github.com/srobo/runbook/pull/35)

## Minutes

- Time commitment
    - Everyone is willing to put in approx one evening per week
- Named committee roles
    - Rob stepped forward for Chairperson, with no objections
    - Kier stepped forward for Secretary, with no objections
    - Tom stepped forward for Treasurer, with no objections
- Decision making process
    - Discussed and reviewed Rob's proposal
        - Removed rule stating that members who are more than 5 minutes late are considered not present, on the grounds that it's not really the KTC's problem when people are late. It can be addressed if and when it becomes relevant.
    - Structure of minutes
        - Record motions in a clear part of minutes
            - We can create a centralised ledger of minutes if need be
        - Action points? Do we need them?
            - Motions = general things that don't incite an immediate action
            - Action points = specific things that can be acted on immediately, assigned to a particular person
- Meeting times
    - Good idea to meet more frequently now and reduce frequency once things are more stable
    - Weekly for now, until we decide otherwise
    - Agreed on Wednesdays at 7:30pm
    - Next week is an exception because Kier can't do Wednesday, so we'll do Tuesday 7:30pm instead.
- Communication channels
    - Mailing list (kit-committee@srobo) for formal communications.
    - Slack is good for transient communications. Don't expect that someone will be online to reply to you immediately (or at all).
        - We have a channel for the wider kit team. A committee-specific channel wasn't considered necessary.
- Interface with competition team / Kickstart
    - What exactly are we providing to them?
        - what state should the kit be in?
        - what level of kit support service?
    - Should organise a meeting with competition committee
        - Should write up some talking points
            - Also see below ("Interfaces with other teams")
        - All committee members invited
        - **action point**: Kajetan will email competition committee
        - **action point**: Dan will start a hackmd for the agenda for the competition committee meeting
    - Postpone planning for Kickstart until after this meeting so we know what we're providing
    - Since Kickstart is the only key responsiblity of the KT with an upcoming deadline, we could set up a temporary subteam to focus on this while we organise the rest of the team
        - **action point**: KTC will discuss forming a temporary Kickstart sub-team further in the next meeting
- Kit team structure / org chart
    - "Everything related to such-and-such a project is delegated to this team of people"
    - Examples of projects:
        - kit organisation for competition cycles
        - kit logistics
        - maintaining various softwares/firmwares/hardwares
        - R&D projects
    - Need to be open to people getting involved
- Brainstorming
    - What is our vision? What are our short- and long-term goals?
    - What does a well-functioning committee look like?
    - What should the team structure look like?
    - How to do this?
        - Synchronously, in meetings?
            - Effective
            - Long meetings :(
        - In person, at the next event
            - Effective
            - Might be a long time away
        - Asynchonously via email or hackmd?
            - Less efficient than in-person
            - Might be okay because we're a slower-paced team than the competition team
    - Consensus: we'll try to arrange a day to get together in person
    - **action point**: Rob will schedule a brainstorming session
- Task management
    - CT model: two github repositories
        - `competition-team-minutes` for committee action points
        - `tasks` for other tasks for the wider competition team
    - We should have a committee tasks repo, but the general tasks repo might be better organised by subteam
        - This could be done using multiple Github projects within a repository.
    - **action point**: Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github.
    - **action point**: Kier will create Github repo for KTC minutes and tasks.
- Kit team addition to ops manual
    - It's still in draft. Are we happy with it?
    - Concern about licensing requirements: it would require us to use a sharealike license for documentation
        - Sharealike is not a bad thing for documentation since it makes it clear what the license of derivative works is (it can only be sharealike).
        - We also can't change the license of existing works under this license without permission of all contributors.
        - However Kajetan recommends this be a decision made by the KTC, not baked into the ops manual
    - It will difficult to make changes to this document, regardless of whether we do that now or later.
        - We'll leave it until we see that it becomes a problem.
    - Kajetan is no longer in the meeting, so we'll resolve this by email.
    - **action point**: KTC will resolve whether they want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual via email
- Wider kit team
    - We have some signups
    - Reports that some people have been deterred from registering interest as information provided about the kit team so far has been quite vague
    - Some volunteers have a good idea of what they want to work on, some don't. For those that don't we should ask them what their strengths and interests are, and direct them towards (not assign them to) relevant projects.
    - We should ask them what projects they'd like to see the kit team be involved in.
        - This will direct what projects we manage getting run.
    - Two phases: first ask the signups we have at the moment, then the wider volunteer base
    - **action point**: Tom will email the people who have signed up so far
        - Hello, the kit team has formed!
        - Still getting set up; looking for feedback
        - Invite to a meeting to discuss what they'd like to see the kit team do.
- Interface with other teams
    - How do we communicate and share resources?
    - e.g. how to we call for volunteers from the competition team pool in advance of kit collation events?
    - This is managed by the competition team committee, so this could just be done through them
    - We'll bring this up in the meeting with the competition team committee.
- How to structure our documentation?
    - Disagreement on whether a single docs site for the whole of SR or separate docs sites for each team would be better.
    - We'll sort this out in the brainstorming session as it's quite an extended discussion.
- Minutes will be created as PRs and get a couple of approvals before being merged
    - This helps ensure they are accurate and complete
    - This is the same way as the CTC does things
- No further business
- Next meeting will be Tuesday 2019-09-03, 19:30

## Motions Passed

None

## Action Points

- [Kajetan will email competition committee](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/2)
- [Dan will start a hackmd for the agenda for the competition committee meeting](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/3)
- KTC will discuss forming a temporary Kickstart sub-team further in the next meeting (added to next meeting's agenda)
- [Rob will schedule a brainstorming session](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/4)
- [Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/5)
- [Kier will create Github repo for KTC minutes and tasks](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/6)
- [KTC will resolve whether they want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual via email](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/9)
- [Tom will email the people who have signed up so far](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues/7)

## Appendix A: Proposal for decision making process

 * All decisions are to be made via motions of the KTC.
 * In order to be proposed, a motion must be in writing -- even if it is being made in a meeting.
 * Only members of the KTC can propose motions.
 * Two mechanisms for making motions:
     * Email to kit-committee@studentrobotics.org with ``[proposal]`` in the subject line
     * By a vote overseen by the chairperson within a meeting
 * Meeting validity: Meetings may only be considered valid for passing motions if the following conditions are all met:
     * At least 75% of the KTC is present (the "quorum").
     * It is possible to attend the meeting via a teleconferencing system.
     * 7 days notice have been provided by email to all KTC members (via kit-committee@studentrobotics.org in an email with ``[meeting]`` in the subject line)
 
 * Decision making process in meetings:
     * A motion may only be passed if it receives votes of acceptance from more than 50% of the KTC members that are present.
     * In the event of a tie, the chairperson has the casting vote.
     * If the chairperson cannot attend the meeting, then the first action within the meeting must be to appoint a temporary chairperson, who is to be approved by a vote of the quorum.
     
 * Decision making process in email:
     * A motion may only be passed by email if it receives votes of acceptance from _all_ of the KTC members.

 * All passed motions must be recorded in the "ledger of motions".
 * The changes that a motion describes cannot be performed or enacted upon until they are recorded in the ledger of motions.
 * This decision making process itself can only be changed by either:
     * A motion proposed via email, using the process described above.
     * A motion voted on at a meeting, provided that it is accepted by more than 75% of the _KTC_ (not just the quorum for standard decisions).
