# SR KTC Meeting 2019-09-18

Date: Wednesday 18th September 2019, 19:30

Present: Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal

## Agenda

* Status of outstanding action points:
    * TODO TODO TODO

* Could/should we use github pull requests to formalise the motion review process?
* Brief review of responses to email that went out to potential KT volunteers
* Poll Tom on kickstart kit plans
* CT/Trustee meeting

## Minutes

* Action point review
    * Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
        * Eveyone's filled in the poll, will discuss later in the meeting
    * Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
        * It doesn't look like this is possible, but we got the subteam created anyway.
    * Kier will put together a motion for approving the kit team addition to the ops manual
        * Unnecessary because we discussed and approved this in a meeting with the trustees
    * Tom and Kier will examine the inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide (#11)
        * Kier's done some number crunching, we should discuss the outcome of this later in the meeting
    * Rob will look into restricting public permissions on committee github repos (#14)
        * No progress yet
    * Dan will talk to trustees about allowing non-srobo users to send emails to kit-committee email group (#15)
        * Trustees have been contacted but this isn't resolved yet
    * Dan will investigate getting South Bank uni as a venue for brainstorming (#16)
        * In progress
* Kickstart kit prep
    * Tom is happy to continue coordinating this
    * Number of kits we want to support:
        * Lots of stuff is in unknown state in the inventory, making it hard to discern how much of it is in a usable state
        * Last competition year we initially shipped 37 kits, noting that we were cutting it very close on some components
        * Maybe we should commit to a confident low number, and then increase later once we're more sure of the situation
        * We'll probably need two events: one to review the current state of the kit and do any remaining testing/cleaning, and another to pack the kit boxes.
* Provisional date for brainstorming: Sep 13
    * Everyone is available on this date.
* Competition team proposed "doing days" for kickstart
    * The next one (Sep 28th) coincides with the day we were thinking of doing kit testing
    * It may/may not be a good idea to join
        * It might pull competition team volunteers away from their own tasks
        * However, it's a good opportunity to stay in sync with the competition team
* use github projects for tracking action points / meeting points?
    * consensus is that this is a good idea
    * let's trial it for next week's meeting
    * Rob and Kier to look at setting this up

## Action Points

* (ongoing) Rob will look into restricting public permissions on committee github repos (#14)
* (ongoing) Dan will talk to trustees about allowing non-srobo users to send emails to kit-committee email group (#15)
* (ongoing) Dan will investigate getting South Bank uni as a venue for brainstorming (#16)
* Rob and Kier will investigate using a Github project to track action points / meeting points (#18)
