# SR KTC Meeting 2019-09-03

Date: Tuesday 3rd September 2019, 19:30

Present: Kajetan Champlewski, Kier Davis, Rob Gilton, Dan Trickey, Tom Wheal, Andy Busse (joined for Kickstart discussion)

## Agenda

* Status of outstanding action points
    - Kajetan will email competition committee (#2)
    - Dan will start a hackmd for the agenda for the competition committee meeting (#3)
    - Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
    - Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
    - Kier will create Github repo for KTC minutes and tasks (#6)
    - KTC will resolve whether they want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual via email (#9)
    - Tom will email the people who have signed up so far (#7)
* Motion passing arrangement: See motion 0 below.
* Should we form a temporary team for expeditious preparation for the upcoming Kickstart?
    * It is worth noting that the CTC are intending to send us an email regarding this.
    * They seem to want Python 3 for this year, which is likely infeasible at this short notice.
    * A temporary team will allow us to continue focusing on our structure.
    * Suggestions from Trustees of Kkickstart in early October (1st or 2nd Saturday). Exact date unconfirmed
* Trustees have published a list of Key Dates (https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hh-ByVaFs3Cy_zUZVkipeLUNMmKfSrjY3IvgSCgTqBQ/edit)
* Github permissions: See motion 1 below.
* Next meeting: Need to change day!
* Email trustees indicating that we are having a KTC brainstorming day (emphasising KTC only...)
* ~~Should we begin drafting an email to volunteers explaining that we are here, and still forming?~~
* AOB

## Minutes

* Action point review
    * Kajetan will email competition committee (#2)
        * This was superseded by the trustees' proposal for a joint meeting
    * Dan will start a hackmd for the agenda for the competition committee meeting (#3)
        * Done, Dan emailed around a link today
    * Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
        * Not done yet
    * Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
        * In progress, turns out team maintainers don't work expected. Kier will carry on chasing this up with the org admins and trustees
    * Kier will create Github repo for KTC minutes and tasks (#6)
        * Done
    * KTC will resolve whether they want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual via email (#9)
        * Rob to kick-start this discussion
    * Tom will email the people who have signed up so far (#7)
        * Not done yet
* Motion 0: motion-passing arrangement
    * Could use github for formalising approval process
        * We'll consider this next meeting
    * All in favour, motion passed
* Trustee key dates
    * "Present plans for next kit development cycle"
        * We would like development itself to be continuous
        * However this is about plans - what are we planning to work on over the next few months?
    * All looks good
    * KD to tell trustees it all looks good
* Should non-team-members have permission to participate in discussions on team repos (e.g. non-KTC on KTC minutes repo)?
    * Some people in favour of closed discussions for improved team cohesion
    * Some people in favour of open discussions to allow outside contributor to provide input
    * This needs more discussion - brainstorming session?
* Github permissions
    * Team maintainership doesn't actually allow subteam creation like it's supposed to
    * Maybe we can get a member of the KTC to become an organisation administrator
    * KD to chase this up further
    * Decision on Motion 1: Github permissions postponed until the situation here is clearer
* Next meeting Tuesday because Rob can't make Wednesday
* Email trustees about KTC brainstorming day
    * Rob to do this
* Kickstart
    * How many teams? Think this has been decided but we don't know the number
        * Competition team want to know how many kits we can provide
    * Competition cycle might be earlier this year - Kickstart in early October
        * We have 1 month!
    * Ad-hoc team to Kickstart sounds like a good idea
    * We have a budget, which needs to cover repairs and maintenance
        * How much of logistics comes out of our budget, and how much comes out of competition team budget?
    * Competition team have suggested shipping Python 3.
        * This is likely infeasible to do before Kickstart, especially since the timescale for kit testing and packing is already quite tight.
        * We could ship this after kickstart (via the overlay system).
        * If we did ship this, it may reduce the motivation for a larger overhaul (e.g. j5) for SR2021 or SR2022.
        * IDE has some (as yet unused) support for partial rollout
        * Let's ship Python 2 initially, but we have the capability to deploy Python 3 to some or all teams later in the year
    * Kit munging events
        * Take a day during freshers week when there's lots of students around?
        * We should email out to volunteers
    * Where is the kit?
        * Mostly Newbury, some things left over in Soton from smallpeice
        * Container key?
            * Tom & Rob will get hold of Rich's one
    * IDE
        * Lots of ideas for improving the IDE, but not feasible to do by Kickstart. Lets ship cyanide again.
        * Who will maintain it?
            * Peter has been effectively maintaining it for the last few years, we should ask if he's happy to continue in this role
        * IDE won't be a responsibility of the kickstart team
    * Tom is willing to take charge
    * Tom to propose a motion to form this team
    * Need to look through inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide
        * There might be some info about failure rates on trac
        * Tom & Kier to look into this
    * Any changes to the kit this year that might affect game design?
        * No, same kit as last year

## Motions Passed

### Motion 0: Motion-passing arrangement

Proposed by Rob.

Background: Last week we discussed some rules for making decisions, but did not pass a decision on whether to adopt this process, as members of the committee had not had much time to read them. 

Proposal: That we adopt the following rules for making decisions:
 * All decisions are to be made via motions of the KTC.
 * In order to be proposed, a motion must be in writing -- even if it is being made in a meeting.
 * Only members of the KTC can propose motions.
 * Two mechanisms for making motions:
     * Email to kit-committee@studentrobotics.org with ``[proposal]`` in the subject line
     * By a vote overseen by the chairperson within a meeting
 * Meeting validity: Meetings may only be considered valid for passing motions if the following conditions are all met:
     * At least 75% of the KTC is present (the "quorum").
     * It is possible to attend the meeting via a teleconferencing system.
     * 7 days notice have been provided by email to all KTC members (via kit-committee@studentrobotics.org in an email with ``[meeting]`` in the subject line)

 * Decision making process in meetings:
     * A motion may only be passed if it receives votes of acceptance from more than 50% of the KTC members that are present.
     * In the event of a tie, the chairperson has the casting vote.
     * If the chairperson cannot attend the meeting, then the first action within the meeting must be to appoint a temporary chairperson, who is to be approved by a vote of the quorum.

 * Decision making process in email:
     * A motion may only be passed by email if it receives votes of acceptance from _all_ of the KTC members.

 * All passed motions must be recorded in the "ledger of motions".
 * The changes that a motion describes cannot be performed or enacted upon until they are recorded in the ledger of motions.
 * This decision making process itself can only be changed by either:
     * A motion proposed via email, using the process described above.
     * A motion voted on at a meeting, provided that it is accepted by more than 75% of the _KTC_ (not just the quorum for standard decisions).

## Action Points

* (ongoing) Rob will schedule a brainstorming session (#4)
* (ongoing) Kier will request permission to create subteams on Github (#5)
* (ongoing) Tom will email the people who have signed up so far (#7)
* Rob will initiate discussion about whether we want to approve the kit team addition to the ops manual (#9)
* Kier will tell trustees that we've reviewed the key dates doc and it looks fine
* Tom and Rob will get container key from Rich (#10)
* Tom and Kier will examine the inventory and estimate how many kits we can provide (#11)
* Rob to write an email to the trustees about committee roles and brainstorming session (#12)

## Appendices

### Motion 1: Github permissions

Proposed by Rob.

Background: It seems that non-trustee members have admin rights over our repositories.  This will get in the way of any plans we have regarding the autonomy of sub-teams, and indeed our own autonomy.  The current arrangement has presumably come about due to Github only recently growing "child teams", and the ability to give someone permission to create child teams.

Proposal: Request that the trustees rework github permissions such that only they have absolute admin rights over all of SR Github -- or if not just limited to trustees, then those who do have those permissions are clearly documented, and are required not to intervene in the activities within Github projects.  It is expected this will result in the separation between the competition team and kit team being reflected within github permissions.
