* reimbursements:
  * Tom has collated invoices (mostly - need Rob's battery receipts)
  * Budget: likely best to maintain our own detailed budget and report a summary to the competition team
* kit shipping:
  * some kits have been shipped! 5 domestic teams
  * 2 more domestic teams to ship - Rob will do this shortly
  * 2 international teams - difficult to sort out batteries for these, and Rob doesn't have enough kits
    * Kier has 2 kits and packing material. Will ship them directly.
    * Batteries can be ordered directly to the teams, circumventing the issue of shipping batteries internationally
* vision doc
  * not much progress on this due to kit shipping being a priority
* ops manual changes
  * Kier still needs to do that
* github notification default
  * wontfix
* condense past spending info
  * looks like competition team have documented last year's spending
  * Tom to take this over and finish this up
* google drive layout
  * create separate shared drive for KT
* subteam formation
  * blocked on vision doc
  * feels like we're lagging in this regard - some KTC members feel we should have had a team up and running by now
    * not a huge amount of effort has been put towards this goal yet - but we also haven't actioned a lot in meetings yet
  * after the competition there's be a large focus on kit collation again
    * it's important to set up some form of Assets Team by the competition to avoid the load falling directly onto the committee.
  * what needs to be done to form a team?
    * need some people interested in participating in the team
      * could send out a "who's interested in these teams" email
      * this is blocked on us formally defining the teams
    * need to define the scope of each team
      * we worked on this after the meeting, based on our notes from the brainstorming day: https://hackmd.io/hnkRTAcuQUu-7158cBkueA?edit
