# Kit team committee meeting 2020-02-05

* Runbook
  * Ongoing discussions with CT as to how it should be organised at the high level
  * In the meantime, we propose hosting the vision document and related docs elsewhere (i.e. a new repo) until this is resolved
* International kits
  * MAI: shipped, delivered and signed for
  * TLC: still need to figure out international shipping
    * Dan offered to take this on
* Chasing up 2019 missing kit
  * Agreed that this will be the assets team's responsibility
  * Until it's created, it's the KTC's responsibility, but it's not a high priority
* First team formation
  * Publish vision document to "runbook fork"
  * Rob will take charge of the invitation email
  * Dan will take charge of the sign-up form
