# Kit Team Meeting 2022-03-01

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

- Dan - I may be late depending on traffic from NORTH

## Agenda

- Tasks repo
- Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)
- Kit Recovery Email
    - The draft was possibly too harsh. We need to decide on a final wording and send this evening.
- WIC Kit is now returned
- Kit Web Interface Update
- Should we gather feedback from teams about the updated kit?
    - We previously interviewed teams about the kit at SR2019
    - Some things have changed a lot since then (i.e COVID)
    - It would be good to talk to teams and team leaders about the new kit software
- Pi Purchasing Update
    - Info from Diane?
    - Should we email friendly suppliers asking for help?
- Discussion: Features for Pi HATs
- Discussion: Overhauling the inventory system
- SR(A)WN


## Action Points

- Write up a survey about the kit for teams
    - What hardware are they using?
    - Opinions on kit software and hardware
- Get kit return chase emails sent
- Update kit disclaimer to include loan agreement / return details
- Form subgroup to work on inventory improvements

