# Kit Team Meeting 2022-05-10

## Attendees

### Present

- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber
- Anton Nikitin
- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
- Project Updates - KCH
    - v1 Schematic available at https://studentrobotics.slack.com/files/UDQ8G358Q/F03EA3WPENB/schematic.pdf
- ~~Meeting cadence - switch to weekly?~~
- Yocto dev
    - We'll be making a release with all of the stuff needed to build the old image so that it's not lost.
- Follow up: Collation Event
    - 2022-05-21
    - PREVIOUS ACTION: Tyler to ask friend who used to live in Basingstoke
        - Friend has no suggestions
    - PREVIOUS ACTION: Dan to email Basingstoke Makerspace
        - I haven't done this as I am on holiday
    - We are going to do this in Southampton
    - Just collation, maybe cleaning and some testing
    - We will find a home for the kit in Southampton awaiting a future event.
- Kit recovery
    - TLC
        - Jake to email kit shipping instructions
        - Dan to send Jake kit shipping instructions
    - SDC - Kit has been found!
- We are concerned about whether we have time for everything.
    - ACTION POINT: Let's enumerate everything that we have to do this summer
- KCH Schematic
    - Will has organised a review meeting at 7pm on 17th May
- Inventory
    - Dan has started work on a new one, not SR specific and aiming to simplify it.
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

-



