# Kit Team Meeting 2022-10-25

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Dan Trickey
- Keith Emerson
- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber
- Peter Law

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
    - Budget issues
        - Will cost ~£500 to ship kits. We don't have the full budget for this.
    - Packing of kits
        - Tyler to contact S5 and see if they are able to provide us with packaging via Kite again
        - If the packaging materials arrive in time, packing the kits may happen this weekend.
        - If not, the following weekend.
        - Estimated time is more than one day, but probably only the morning on the Sunday
        - S5 may be able to pick up a limited number of kits from Southampton, but this is limited by the number we can fit in a Ford Galaxy. Alternatively we can drive them to Lee-On-Solent ourselves
        - There is a specific JSON schema that S5 need the shipping data in 
    - Shipping of kits
- [Kit Disclaimer Forms need to be digitised](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1666639894036339)
- Bugs found at Kickstart
    - Vision
        - Jake has a potential fix
    - Motor boards needed to init?
- Simulator Update
    - How's it going?
        - Some issues with vision not picking up all markers
        - The way in which the Simulator API exposes rotation information doesn't match the Robot API entirely
        - Simulator Robot can't pick up gold tokens
        - Issues tracked here: https://github.com/srobo/competition-simulator/issues
- Should we introduce a "Thank Yous and Well Dones" section to our meetings?
    - The comp team do this
    - It's a nice way to recognise volunteer efforts
- Suggested hiatus to allow for recovery
    - Proposed: Cancel 2 meetings after we have shipped kits to allow volunteers some more free time
    - Will cancel one meeting once we're done with kit shipping and see if we can get away with skipping the following one once it's due
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones


## Action Points

-
