# Kit Team Meeting 2022-05-03

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Anton Nikitin
- Will Barber
- Tom Wheal
- Dan Trickey
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
- Project Updates - KCH
    - Scarzy requested adding an IMU for the purpose of detecting a flipped robot
    - "Horrific scope creep from the original design of the board"
    - ACTION: 5 min cost-up of adding IMU + email scarzy with feasibility of this
        - Accelerometer is Â£1-2 so it is technically affordable, but its purpose is the question.
        - It seems that a robot that remains dangerous in a different orientation that isn't picked up by safety checks is less likely than the danger posed by robots ramming the arena walls.
    - Will is hoping to make a first hash of the schematic in KiCAD in the next few weeks

- We shipped a competition! YAY
    - The kit largely worked, very few kit related problems.
- Mini-retro (?) (kit only)
    - The new software didn't break in the arena!
    - Help Desk worked well this year
        - Roving Helpers "deployed" from helpdesk as first line
        - A team though that they had been given an empty battery
            - Some XT60 connectors on Power Boards are worn
            - We need to think about how to test this
    - Some confusion over Comp Mode USB corruption
        - reset buttons kept getting pressed
        - got put in upside down
        - rings kept coming apart
- Is the kit team working?
    - Are volunteers happy?
        - No complaints
    - Does anything not work?
    - Is there anything the KTC can do to improve this?
- Collation Event
    - Provisionally Saturday 21st May somewhere in Basingstoke
    - ACTION: Tyler to ask friend who used to live in Basingstoke
    - ACTION: Dan to email Basingstoke Makerspace
- Reimbursement
    - Please email committee if you have any outstanding costs
- Kit Recovery 2022
    - BRK
        - Yes they can return them at the next Kickstart
    - SDC (Arghh)
        - Team Leader claimed that never heard of SR
        - Waiting to hear from Physics department
- Battery purchasing
    - Dan has got some quotes.
    - We are happy with the quote from Appliance Electronics
    - 48 batteries is about 10 laptops worth of power.
    - Do we have enough LiPo bags?
- Inventory
    - The inventory was not updated at all during the competition.
    - What can we do immediately to try and resolve this?
        - No
    - Longer-term solution (Separate meeting suggested)
        - Massive Audit - We have already planned this.
        - ACTION: Will to follow up Scarzy to find out when the next all-volunteers meeting is
        - After raising at all volunteers meeting, we need to action a meeting to sort this out, most likely replacing the current inventory.
        - Tom would like to use NFC stickers
        - What3Words style approach
- Kit Project Structure and Volunteer Onboarding
    - A list of ongoing projects and who is working on them
    - Who to contact if someone wants to get involved with the project
    - tracking of progress of projects
    - We need to avoid silos
    - This would need to be documented on a Wiki
    - In the short term, a google doc. 
- What happened to vision after 2022.2.0?
- Filesystem issues
    - Slow USB writes
- Arena USBs
    - had to make mount as rw due to udisks configuration
- Yocto
    - ACTION: Karina to test/review PR for moving over to submodules
    - Josh is looking at bundling up the kernel files into a zip
- What features are we shipping for SR2023?
- Kit Recovery 2020
- Insufficient Bees in the Kit
    - All of the casing should be a large hexagon
    - Extra points in the arena for robots that tesselate
    - Wasp to be prohibited at the door, so no scoring.
    - Turn all of the competitors into honey


- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Kit Collation Event
    - 


## Action Points

-



---

**TEMPLATE**

# Kit Team Meeting DATE

## Attendees

### Present

- 

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
- Project Updates - KCH
- 
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

-
