# Kit Team Meeting 2022-11-22

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

- Tyler Ward
- Keith Emerson

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping Update
    - Everything is done.
- Vision
    - Will has made a PR that fixes axis problems
        - We need to feature-flag opt-in for this if we release mid year. It uses an environment variable
        - Need to update sr.robot3 to set it.
    - Peter's PR hasn't been merged.
    - Marker PDFs hasn't been merged.
    - Marker PDFs need to be reissued now that the token size has changed
    - Lack of second maintainer for code review
    - sr.robot3
        - Border detection
            - Tested, no review
        - Thresholding values
            - Tested, no review
            - 425ms for see_ids() to do one capture on the Pi, up from 290ms
            - 2 fps kinda sucks
            - We might be able to tweak the size of the convolutions
            - AprilTags alone is about 285ms (about 200ms is just taking the photos, limited on camera frame rate)
                - (R.camera.capture() takes 290ms)
        - Marker size has been changed to 80mm
    - Will is concerned that when we reach the competition, there will be lighting issues still.
- AprilTags
    - Will and Josh have developed an alternative vision library.
    - It's a fairly shallow wrapper around the April Robotics AprilTags C Library
    - Much better performance, better marker angles, better lighting support
    - Similar to the Robocon Vision system
    - Josh has a very cool webcam demo.
    - There are no among us character markers. There is a BirdSite logo though, might make a nice tombstone.
- SR2022.1.0 Image
    - sr.robot3
        - New MQTT integration
            - Much more reliable. Uses Paho MQTT
            - Actually quits when a SIGTERM is sent to it
        - 80mm markers
        - API changes to match the simulator
        - TODO: New camera calibrations
            - Will has got these.
        - TODO: Needs to have astoria bumped
        - TODO: Add Paho as dependency to Yocto Recipe
    - Astoria
        - Uses asyncio.Event to sense the exit of the process rather than process.communicate()
        - astctl: Strip spurious newlines from log messages
        - Robot Settings Error Handling
        - WiFi PSK length is handled properly
        - metadata: Get OS info for Mac
        - Remove `DiskType.UPDATE`
    - Kit UI
        - Dark Theme!
        - Information Modal
    - Terminal UI
        - Needs a release and astoria bumped
    - Vision
        - We will keep Zoloto for this release.
        - We will ship the axis changes
            - TODO: Merge Everything into srobo/zoloto
            - TODO: Point Yocto at our fork
            - TODO: Add arg to sr.robot3 constructor to set environment variable.
    - Robot Image
        - Yocto 4.0.5 - leave it for the next update
        - Need to bump everything
        - Remote Debugging
            - Karina has a PR open, but is having issues with ARM compatibility
    - Documentation
        - Firewall Ports - Brain Board Page
        - robot-settings warning about regeneration
        - Updated screenshots etc. of Kit UI
        - Changelog for Kit Software Versions
        - Vision docs are not consistent within themselves.
        - Advanced
            - How to log in
            - Pip
- SR2024 Kit Roadmap
    - Document now available to add ideas
    - When will we hold a meeting to discuss and prioritise?
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Thanks Will and Josh for fixing vision.

## Action Points

-
