# Kit Team Meeting 2022-06-07

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Alistair Lynn
- Keith Emerson
- Joshua Perriman
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard
- Anton Nikitin

### Apologies

- Dan Trickey

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
    - No update
- Project Updates - KCH
    - Board layout reviewed
    - should be ready for design review in a few days
- Project Updates - OS
    - Build Server reprovision
        - Decommisioning current build servers and replacing with a dedicated box
        - Karina to arrange this
- Splitting astoria into libastoria
    - Astoria is imported into sr.robot3 & servohack
- Kit Recovery
    - Jake will follow up on old kit
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issue)


## Action Points

-

