# Kit Team Meeting 2022-07-19

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Tyler Ward
- Keith Emerson
- Dan Trickey
- Keir Drummond

### Apologies

- Will Barber

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
- Project Updates - KCH
    - Second prototype has been ordered with revised regulator
- Project Updates - OS
    - KCH integration
    - Build server
- Project Updates - Firmware
    - Servo firmware is code complete, Anton is looking into some timer bugs
    - Power firmware is 90% done
    - What is happening about j5/sr-robot3 updates? https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1rYcP13dElJRiGtB3a_GBeYGxOcN54JenzaGxBPLc6js/edit?usp=sharing

- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

- Collation Day
    - 9am at Container
    - 10am at Southampton University B28
    - We need to get some Isopropyl Alcohol for cleaning
    - Test equipment is at Newbury
- Kit OS doing
    - Karina to book some time
- KCH
    - We would like to assign part codes to the first gen boards
        - Despite the regulator issues, they are still useful for EEPROM and LED development with a USB PSU
    - We also need to get one sent to Karina for Kit OS dev with EEPROM
- Firmware Updates
    - Protocol needs to be written up into a version tracked document
    - We need to come up with a testing plan for the new firmware

