# Kit Team Meeting 2022-08-02

## Attendees

### Present

- Dan Trickey
- Karina Kwiatek
- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber
- Joshua Perriman

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
    - Some progress has been made
- Project Updates - KCH
    - Rev B prototypes seem to be working
    - We want to do the main order on the Rev B
    - Details of testing are [available](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XAzQ_IWW-Q21NbaQBpSD9a44SbV63q1xrCCG4w42fEY/edit)
    - Total final order cost is approx Â£340 for 60 boards and additional parts with a lead time of up to 2 weeks (probably 10 days)
        - KTC approve this expenditure
    - Dan will give 64 pis to Will during Smallpeice in exchange for a Rev B HAT
- Firmware Upgrades
    - Power and Servo updates in testing
    - Not planning to update Motor Board or Ruggeduino
    - Need a tracked spec before we can update j5
- Kit Collation
    - We did one.
    - Quite a lot of Power Boards need the XT60 connector redoing.
        - Tyler will cost up part options and volunteer time.
    - We need another one to finish test and flash boards.
    - We should advise teams on how to mount their boards in the docs
        - Maybe we should add velcro to them?
- Project Updates - OS
    - We have made progress on implementing an update system (RAUC)
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

-


