# Kit Team Meeting 2022-09-06

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Tyler Ward
- Joshua Perriman
- Will Barber
- Joe Morton
- Aaron Smith (:wave:)

### Apologies

- Jake Howard


## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - Web Interface
- Project Updates - KCH
- Project Updates - OS
- Infrastructure Team Request for Ideas
    - ~~Let's handover the Inventory, we don't have the capacity.~~
    - Systems for managing documentation
        - We should move to something easier to update than the runbook such as a wiki
    - Hosting for new inventory system
        - Infrastructure for deploying systems for other teams in SR more easily
- Packing Day - This Saturday
    - The packing day is a UoS Open Day; parking space may be limited
    - In Building 32
    - Starting at 10
- j5
    - Serial protocol backend for PBv4 is pretty much finished, awaiting final review
    - 5V Output is not yet implemented, but 1st of 2 PRs for it is awaiting review
    - We need to implement discovery of which firmware series is in use.
- Zoloto
    - Development on M1 Mac is still blocked on numpy version, we need Jake to update this
- Kit
    - Backlog - https://github.com/orgs/srobo/projects/7/
    - MVP Definition
    - Roadmap and Deadlines
    - battery bag H&S
    - We're only shipping updated firmware for the power board
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

- 



