# Kit Team Meeting 2022-02-15

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Tom Wheal
- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- Jake Howard

## Agenda

- Tasks repo https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22
    - No change from last week
- Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings) https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues
    - Tom is ready to do the Pi power testing
- BRK kit
    - Move to unknown-location
- TPS kit
- Kit Recovery
    - We need to take action ASAP.
    - Dan and Jake to sort out an initial email
    - We should cc in the school office.
- New team?

- Web interface dev
    - ~~Running Astoria under Windows~~
    - Create a calendar event - 23rd Feb 19:00 - 20:00
- Raspberry Pi Purchasing Update
    - We emailed Diane asking for 65 RasPi 4B 2GB
- Comp Mode USB (@Will) - https://github.com/srobo/comp-mode-usb/pull/1
- Merging of kitbook & runbook
    - we should Check what is in the kitbook and not the runbook. 
- Robot TUI
    - Dan wrote [a thing](https://github.com/trickeydan/robot-tui)
    - It looks good. Let's deploy it eventually, but not rush it.
- Using Submodules for Yocto Development
    - Tyler has done some research on different ways to manage Yocto.
    - We need to do a test on how this would work, especially in regards to gitignore and symlinks
    - Everything is a git directory, so we'd need to be careful.
    - Josh P made a PR with submodules, as he uses Yocto a lot in his job.
        - The PR was built and ran 
    - We should keep the `meta-srobo` repository separate
    - The README files should be updated to point at the build instructions.
- Pi Hat (@Dan)
    - We need to think about mechanical stuff for this
    - We need to draft a spec
- 😱 Teams using ML 🤯
    - BPV asked for [Detectron2](https://github.com/facebookresearch/detectron2)
        - requires CUDA
        - decided we're not shipping this
        - could ship this running on the CPU
    - ABS using DNN - this was added to the image as it was just some compile flags for OpenCV
    - SOG using something else
- Kit troubleshooting
    - Troubleshooting process isn't written down anywhere and tends to be a bit of a scramble
    - Interactive Troubleshooter refers to WiFi https://github.com/srobo/docs/issues/311
- SR(A)WN

## Action Points

- Email trustees about TPS kit
- Updating Yocto READMEs to point at the build instructions (Tyler)
- Get the Yocto Submodule PR into a mergeable state (Will / Josh P)
- Tom will collate ideas for the Pi Hat in a google doc

