# Kit Team Meeting 2022-11-08

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber
- Dan Trickey
- Aaron Smith
- Keith Emerson
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
    - 21 boxed kits are now in Tyler's garage
    - 20 kits to be sent to courier on Thursday
        - These kits will dispatch on Monday (next working day)
    - TLC
        - This team already has a kit from SR2020/22
        - We will send just a power and brain board
        - These can be taken from a packed kit
        - ACTION: How are we doing customs? Deadline: Thursday
    - ðŸ‡©ðŸ‡ª MAI kit has been delivered by Karina via ðŸš„
    - Kit issues
        - Some batteries have been swapped out with ones which were completely "solid"
        - Some kits needed part replacements
            - Some boards were missing case parts
            - Some Lipo bags were failed previously and then were passed?
            - A battery charger was missing a button
            - 2 chargers that would fail PAT tests
            - a charger with a FAILED PAT test label
        - Inventory is all updated Thpeter
- SR2023 Software Roadmap (Next Update)
    - Vision Fixes
        - 6 outstanding problems
            - :ship: Markers cannot be reliably detected as there is a border around the marker that does not provide enough constrast
                - Jake has got some modified markers without the border that might help
                - There is also a change to detectorParmeters in OpenCV to change how close contours can be. In our case it removes the border.
                    - It's not reliably tested and we don't understand the knock-on effects yet.
                    - Jake suggests we do both
            - There are some changes that need to be made to calibrations
            - Peter has submitted some changes that align orientation with the simulator
            - In certain lighting conditions (with a hard shadow over the marker) the markers are not detected
                - Josh has some testing with quite a few test images to find this
                - There is an intelligent way of thresholding that we could do ourselves to potentially mitigate this.
                - This would involve adding our own stages to the processing pipeline.
            - Some clear images also seem to be affected by this.
            - The pitch and roll in the orientation are possibly the wrong way around
                - This is caused by OpenCV not using the ISO convention for axes, whereas everywhere else we do.
                - We need to convert the output from OpenCV into the ISO convention
                - What we currently call yaw is actually roll
    - API updates to match simulator
    - Add account that isn't root?
        - Fairly trivial to do in Yocto
    - Dependency Issues
        - We install j5-zoloto and zoloto separately, they are no longer in step
        - We do not need to separately list all of these
        - sr.robot3 needs to want the latest astoria too
        - We should teach bitbake how to check the dependencies.
    - Pip
        - Pip isn't installed on the robot - it should be
        - This has already been merged
    - Fix bug where motors do not stop when kill button is pressed.
        - Sometimes, `make_safe` isn't called
        - Dan will look into this
    - volatile syslog
        - Logs are helpful for debugging
        - Both syslog and kernel logs don't persist between re
    - firewall
        - Allowlist a competitor range of TCP and UDP ports.
    - Remote Debugging
        - Installing editor integrations
    - Maybe ship terminal UI? *probably not*
        - Could be the default shell, but slows down users
    - Update MOTD
        - Include support disclaimer (that we don't "guarantee" support)
        - Include list of useful commands
- Docs requrements gathering
    - Haven't heard from kit team yet but requirements for volunteer documentation system will be gathered at some point
    - Infra Team is going to send out a survey
- Hiatus planning
    - Tyler suggested 22nd have last meeting of the year and then pause to new year
    - Dan & Karina don't think we should enforce one 
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Kits are being shipped
    - Ask for ideas for next year's roadmap or future software updates for this year
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Thank you Tyler, Peter, Kit and Dave for packing kits on saturday! ðŸŽ‰

## Action Points

-

