# Kit Team Meeting 2022-08-30

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Will Barber
- Joshua Perriman
- Joe Morton
- Tyler Ward
- Jake Howard
- Keith Emerson

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Complete kickstart roadmap
    - To do before kit sorting
        - Arrange for a way to get to the room booked for kit sorting
            - or postpone event
            - Owner: Jake
        - Announce event
            - Owner: Jake
        - Test power board firmware
            - Owner: Will
        - `j5` power board updates
            - Owner: Karina
        - KCH integration (`OS` + `astoria` + `j5`)
            - Owner: Karina
        - List of kit going in a kit (not the same as last year)
            - Owner: Jake
        - Coordinate plan for getting kits to kickstart
            - Blocked on what the plan for kickstart is (competition team)
            - Will need a plan for where the kit will be stored
        - Plan kit sorting schedule
    - To do at kit sorting
        - Flash power boards
        - Flashing SD cards
        - Pack into kits
        - Repair power boards
        - Label batteries
        - Put kits in place ready for kickstart
        - Preparing kits for shipping
    - To do before kickstart
        - Docs update
            - Pi
            - KCH (kit and software)
            - Updated API?
            - Mounting mechanisms for kit (no more glue!)
        - Get kits to kickstart
- Project Updates - Web Interface
    - No update
    - Won't ship for kickstart
- Project Updates - KCH
    - "It's done" - Josh
- Project Updates - OS
    - Going well
    - Update mechanism works, needs integrating so it runs off USB
- j5 updates
    - Just KCH integration to go
- Kit packing
    - How many kits?
        - Likely about 30
        - Confirm after kit-packing
    - What are planning to do?
        - See above
- IET grant report
    - Update on purchases
    - Most of the money has now been spent
    - Remaining budget to be spent on micro-USB cables
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Kit sorting is happening, we need people
    - New power board firmware
    - IET grant completed
    - Pi and KCH


## Action Points

- 



## Action Points

- Organise a doing to go through tasks and minutes repo issues 
- Jake to talk to SRO about kit packing/doing event on 10th Sept.
- Figure out if we want to buy anything extra with the kit upgrade budget (Due: 31 Aug)
    - (Finalise this list by 19th)
    - SD Cards
    - USB drives
    - Extra acrylic for repairing cases?
    - Label printer for asset tags?


