# Kit Team Meeting 2022-12-06

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Stephen Da'Prato-Shepard
- Jack Dyson
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- Dan Trickey

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Vision
    - Vision backend based on reference apriltag library is done
- Next image release
    - New vision backend, see above
    - dnsmasq issue
    - Web UI doesn't autoscroll after using usercode controls
    - Timeline
        - Ideally before the January Tech Day (January 7th)
        - Provisional release date: 2023-01-01
- SR2022.1.0 Image - How did it go?
    - The release was late, but we did get it done.
    - Idea: Should we assign somebody to be the "release manager" next time?
        - Responsible for deciding what makes it into the release
        - Responsible for making sure that the image is ready and built with docs updated.
        - Responsible for comms with volunteers and team
        - One per release. Much like how the Yocto project do releases.
    - Action: We should formalise our processes for developing hardware/software
        - These should have task owners to keep them on track
        - Could create document templates for processes such as reviews, budgets, etc.
- SR2024 Kit Roadmap
    - [Document now available to add ideas](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LPeSuchNcsNS6P1QKz0Catd80kKYswcYzVnj0VsMaCo/edit)
    - When will we hold a meeting to discuss and prioritise?
    - Action: Schedule a meeting to discuss kit roadmap
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones
    - Thanks Will and Josh for fixing vision.
    - Thanks Karina for investigating the dnsmasq problem with the image.
    - Will, Josh, Karina and James for getting the image released 🎉🦸
    - Keith and James for writing awesome blog posts

## Action Points

-

