# Kit Team Meeting 2022-11-22

## Attendees

### Present

- Dan Trickey
- Karina Kwiatek
- Josh Perriman
- Will Barber

### Apologies

- James Seden-Smith
- Jake Howard
- Tyler Ward

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping Update
    - 18 kits were shipped yesterday.
- SR2022.1.0 Image
    - Are we ready?
    - Make Safe Bug
        - Two underlying bugs
            - process._transport.close() sends a SIGKILL to the usercode process
                - Instead check if process has been set to None
                - If not after 5 secs, do SIGKILL
                - Will has a hacky PR for this, still working on it
            - Astoria `Component` adds a signal handler for `SIGTERM`
                - This is fine in Astoria, but not good in sr.robot3
                - We could pull astoria out of sr.robot3 or we could add a feature flag for the signal handlers
                - Will will work on this issue.
    - Firewall
        - We need to update the docs to include the port ranges
    - Remote Debugging
        - WIP: Only works for VS Code
        - We won't add anything new to our API, just document how to use them.
    - Terminal UI
        - It works
        - We need to downgrade the prompt toolkit to 3.0.31 as this is what meta-python ships. Maybe not sure ü§∑‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏è
    - MOTD
        - There is a new one.
        - We're going to switch from dropbear to openssh-server
    - Sedders added a dark mode toggle to the kit-ui
    - Dan / James have been working on adding WiFi creds to the Web UI
        - Maybe needs a QR code too?
    - Astoria doesn't validate the psk is valid.
    - Astwifid doesn't check that the subprocess is alive or not. We should fix that.
- Bluetooth - No
- Vision
    - If any marker sizes are changed the decisions need to be finalised by next Tuesday midday.
    - Will has worked out the conversions needed for the axes to be correct :tada: 
    - The Zoloto Maintainer is not reachable so we may need to consider other options.
    - We need to have this sorted by 3rd December Tech Day.
    - Will will submit the corrections to the coords system to Zoloto.

- ITDev
    - CRM?
    - We will wait until after our roadmap meeting
- SR2024 Kit Roadmap
    - Document now available to add ideas
    - When will we hold a meeting to discuss and prioritise?
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

## Action Points

-




**TEMPLATE**

# Kit Team Meeting DATE

## Attendees

### Present

- 

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Shipping
- 
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
- Thank Yous and Well Dones

## Action Points

-
