# Kit Team Meeting 2022-09-13

## Attendees

### Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Joshua Perriman
- Keith Emerson
- Will Barber
- Tyler Ward

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
    - Recurring Tasks have not been run yet.
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Kit Packing wrap-up
    - Numbers
        - 30 kits ready
        - Box of 4 that need RUBs
        - Box of 5 kits that are missing 5mm CamComs and USB sticks
    - In the inventory there are lots of things in the kit packing folder
    - In short we need to go and do a load of inventory at the garage.
    - We need to check where Power Board 02UUA in RUB 0X5Q is as the firmware isn't upgraded
    - Dan will do a trip with a barcode scanner.
        - Check 1QL2N, FT32, FL38 to see if they are empty
    - There is a missing Pi, probably a misscan - Y1G39
    - The inventory system wasn't updated with testing results.
        - We will need to retest all next year. 
    - We need to fetch the 9 (!) empty RUBs from the container so we can pack them.
    - Wire needs to be available at kickstart for connecting the brain board
- Project Updates - Web Interface
    - We're going to ship the PoC
    - We need to add a DNS record - Needs adding to Backlog
    - If we have time, we can add a progress bar for in-progress updates.
- Project Updates - KCH
    - We have packed them into kits!
    - kchd is basically done. The code needs to be cleaned up
    - j5 and sr.robot3 integration is pending.
- Project Updates - OS
    - Some KCH stuff has been added.
    - Karina has started to integrate with the update system and is in DBus Hell.
- Kit Repairs - Josh has done some analysis
    - Will brought all of the broken boards back
    - 25 broken Motor Boards
        - 9 have suffered something plugged into the expansion header
            - Probably a LiPo
            - The pins and ferrite beads were damaged
            - Some microcontrollers have craters in them!
        - 6 more show the same symptoms but have no visual damage other than dicolouration on processor
        - These boards are probable irrepairable.
        - 7 draw the right current, looks like a firmware issue
        - 3 more have broken protection diodes / ICs that should be replacable
            - Dead boards can be used as donors
    - Ruggeduino cases have wrong length standoffs
        - The case probably wants a redesign anyway
- Ideas to stop Motor Boards being killed
    - 3D printed plug?
    - Get the right size header with only a couple of crimps so it can't be removed
        - Tyler to cost up this evening
        - It's about £15
        - 4 x https://www.hobbytronics.co.uk/crimp-conn-housing-24
        - 2 x https://www.hobbytronics.co.uk/crimp-conn-pins
        - + £3.96 shipping
        - Dan will request from Trustees today.
    - We don't have time after kit packing to replace the tops of the cases.
    - We will need to ship whatever solution we have to Karina for MAI.
- Kit Hack Day
    - Virtual
    - Tyler is going to create a poll in Slack. Deadline on Friday Evening
    - We need to update docs
- How will we communicate the changes to the kit to volunteers?
    - e.g Fan and Beep changes on Power Board, Power is 12V into Brain Board
    - Let's update the runbook section on kit hardware. Update section at top.
- Do we have anything to bring up at the All Committees meeting today?
    - Successes
        - We have designed, built and shipped a new piece of Hardware
        - We have Raspberry Pi 4s in the kit this year.
        - We have replaced the firmware on the Power Board. ALl known bugs fixed. It uses non-proprietary serial communication
        - We have 30 kits ready to go for Kickstart
        - Potentially up to 9 more for a small amount of budget
        - Kit Recovery - Good Progress Made
        - The IET Grant has been spent. Lots of new batteries.
    - Challenges
        - It has been difficult to get ready for kickstart without a budget.
        - We need to handle inactive teams better this year. Several kits were missing and were difficult to recover.
        - We would like to have details of two members of staff per school this year and check that they are valid before handing out a kit.
        - Volunteer onboarding. We need to work this out.
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)
    - Kit Hack Day


## Action Points

-



