# Kit Team Meeting 2022-10-11

## Attendees

### Present

- Tyler Ward
- Karina Kwiatek
- Keith Emerson
- Jack Dyson
- Will Barber
- Josh Perriman
- Joe Morton
- Aaron Smith
- Peter Law

### Apologies

-

## Topics

- Budget
    - Getting wire for kits
- [Tasks repo](https://github.com/srobo/tasks/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22A%3A+Kit%22%2C%22A%3A+Team+Kits%22)
- [Issues in minutes repo (action points from previous meetings)](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/issues)
- Project Updates - KCH
- Project Updates - OS
- Status of prep for Kickstart
    - Container run needed
        - Need components for microgames
        - T-Shirts for kickstart
    - Kit shipping
        - Some teams will not be attending kickstart
        - Kits need to be packed for shipping
        - Need to confirm numbers
    - To do
        - Cut and pack wire
        - Flash SD cards and put them in the Pis
        - Fit motor board connector protectors
        - Find 3 RUBs to pack missing kit into
        - Prepare kickstart slides about updates to the kit
        - Test built OS
- Kit Disclaimer form
    - need to update existing form for this year
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wAd1otqz40cnyfRNWM69fdC09LrLk7yHUOeb_6XmRIY/edit
- [SR(A)WN](https://github.com/srobo/srawn/issues)


## Action Points

-

