# Kit Team Meeting Agenda

## Present

* Karina Kwiatek
* Tyler Ward
* Jake Howard
* Dan Trickey
* Will Barber

## Topics

* We packed some kit.
    * Translate doc into useful actions for runbook
    * Need to update sr-tools to return the right status code for inv-validate
    * Deadline to comp team for on-time delivery was 9th Nov
    * We ran out of ODROID power cables
        * We should make some more for development. Action: Karina to tell us what size the barrel jack is
    * We need to repair and upgrade our testing equipment. An issue has been opened in srobo/tasks.
        * We are missing a lot of the equipment that we need to do testing, e.g power supplies and oscilloscope
    * The testing scripts do not run on Windows, so we had a lack of laptops during the testing phase
    * We need to attach large dongles to the barcode scanners
    * A large number of the LiPo bags need repairing or binning to prevent injury.
        * We could potentially use LiPo boxes
    * We should update or review the runbook with up to date instructions.
* Rename #kit-dev to #kit-hardware
    * We have renamed this.
* Packing Materials purchased
    * Budget. Cost was ~ £180
    * We used a lot more of the size 0 jiffys than the size 1s, although both sizes were needed.
    * Almost all of the bubble-wrap was used. 2 / 3 of the speedman was used. We think it’d be better to just use speedman next year.
    * This was required for us to be able to send via UPS
* Kit Logistics Tickets - [WIP proposal](#kit-tracking-proposal-for-sr2022)
    * We think this will work
    * Action: Create kit-logistics repository on GitHub
    * Action: Create initial templates on repository and test
    * Action: Draft page for runbook with explanations of processes
* Clean up / delete [https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/projects/1](https://github.com/srobo/kit-team-minutes/projects/1)
    * We went through these and deleted the project
* Budget for Trustees
    * Minimum Budget
        * £180 for packing materials
        * £200 for kit shipping (assuming physical competition, including returns from 2020, 2019)
    * Ideally, not critical, not long-term - ~£500 for kit repairs and new tooling
    * Additional projects for long-term investment such as new RPis, etc. based on availability of funding and bids.
    * Action: Send to trustees
* Kit Software Plan
    * Kit Hack day on 30th
    * KK free on 26th and 1st for kit dev
    * Documentation
    * Vision
        * Including Testing
    * Update mechanism
    * Final image by 7th November so that it can be flashed to kits.
* Jake is going to the container
    * 0V6Q, 0WK3C, 1PL2Q, FQ34, and FX3X to be located
    * Count the boxes or get all of the part codes in there.


### External Communications

_Things to put in SR(A)WN_

* We did kit packing
* Kit dev hacking on 30th November


# Kit Tracking Proposal for SR2022

This document outlines a proposal for tracking kit logistics for SR2022 and going forward in an open manner.

It will allow us to have a view of what kits are currently in the field, and whether they need returning.

The proposed ticketing-style system would be implemented using [GitHub Issue Templates](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/syntax-for-issue-forms) and would replace the current system of spreadsheets.

## Kit Lifecycle Issue (KLI)

When a kit is not with SR, a *Kit Lifecycle* issue is created.

The KLI is a GitHub issue that tracks the status of kit with a given team during a competition year.

The KLI should not contain any information to link it to the team other than the TLA, to minimise data protection risk.

The KLI can be referenced to by other issue types, to link relevant information together.

### Opening a KLI

A KLI should be opened when a kit is issued to a team.

This may occur during kit shipping, or be created by a volunteer at a physical kickstart.

When the KLI is opened, the kit box should be moved to `teams/SR20XX/TLA` in the inventory.

### Closing a KLI

A KLI should be closed when a kit is returned to SR from the team.

This may occur as part of a Kit Return Request, or when handed to a volunteer at the end of the competition.

When the KLI is closed, the kit box should be moved in the inventory to the actual location of the box.

## Other Issue Types

### Kit Shipping Request

This issue is used to track the shipment of a complete kit to a team at the start of a competition.

This issue should be opened when we have received the details required to send a kit to the team.

It should only be closed when the kit has arrived with the team.

### Kit Return Request

This issue is used to track the return of a kit to SR via post.

This issue should be opened when we have agreed with a team to return their kit.

The issue should be closed when the kit has arrived with a volunteer, or in UK-PostBox.

### Replacement Parts Request

This issue is used to track sending a replacement part to a team.

It should be opened when a team needs a replacement part, even if in-person.
This is so that we can track how many spare parts are being issued and where they are being issued.

The issue should be closed when the team has received the replacement part.