# Kit Team Meeting 2021-12-07

## Present

- Karina Kwiatek
- Tyler Ward
- Will Barber
- Jake Howard

## Apologies

- Dan is feeling unwell and will not be attending the meeting.

## Topics

- MAI Kit should be getting sent back soon
- We should move to a new build server
    - Pi 4 / 2 GHz / 8GB RAM / 200 GB storage
- j5api/j5#762
- Discuss kit disclaimer forms (srobo/tasks#709)
    - Send out forms earlier so we don't have to worry about schools being slow to respond
    - Communicate the fact that the deadline is not strict
    - Will to discuss with competition team
    - If an in-person competition is confirmed to not be happening, recall kits ASAP to avoid a situation like the one we had with 2019 kit.
    - Same for teams which drop out
- Vision issues
    - Resize markers in PDF, ask teams to reprint
    - Calibrations are resolution specific
        - Lock to set resolution
        - Redo calibrations?
        - Ensure marker size matches up when this is done
- New Kit Features
    - Update mechanism
        - Teams are handling re-flashing SD cards ok so far
        - We did reduce the image down
        - Need sort out U-Boot as part of image build
        - Not as urgent as we anticipated
    - WiFi
        - Ideally would have PLoD fix
        - Need to get a process for flashing servo boards in the field
        - The rest will need a firmware rewrite, potentially new bootloaders
        - Remote debugging(?)
    - Web interface
        - Blocked on WiFi
        - Features
            - Start button
            - Live logs
            - Mode selector
            - Zone selector
            - Kill switch (not recursive)
            - List of seen markers + frame grabs (?)
                - Probably don't need live frame grab
                - we could link to images as they're captured
                - Live annotated webcam feed is resource hungry
                - Could also have a button to capture from webcam
    - Remote debugger
        - Easy to implement
        - https://github.com/microsoft/debugpy/
        - Likely needs a `start_debugger()` method to be added to API (and docs)
    - Astoria generalisation
        - (not discussed)
    - Arena connectivity testing
        - Blocked on WiFi
        - (not discussed)
    - Development of IDE plugins(?)
        - one button build/deploy (ZIP -> copy to USB drive -> unmount) 
        - update notifier/downloader for image updates (once we have RAUC) - we can extract current version from log
        - maybe robot-settings.toml visual editor
        - Archival of old logs
- All comittees meeting
    - Kit risk assessments(?)
    - Plan for if competition goes virtual/not in-person
    - Status update on kit recovery
- Use HackMD for next meeting minutes
    - Action: Make a document and replace the link in Slack