# Kit Team Meeting Agenda

## Present

* Karina Kwiatek
* Dan Trickey
* Will Barber
* Jake Howard
* Tom Wheal

## Apologies

* Tyler couldn't make the meeting

## Topics

* Competitor feedback for kit software
    * We should have a mechanism for competitors to feedback information about the kit during the competition.
    * Could be a discord channel, or a google form. Google form is likely to be better.
    * We should use a link baked into the logs.
    * Future action: Get the redirect in place
* Kit Software
    * For arch based image, all but opencv in place. If we can’t fix it, then ship piwheels whl.
* Disclaimer Forms
    * Will has fixed the formatting.
* Kit Logistics Issues
* Serious Stuff
    * PLOD
        * Kit should automatically reboot after the usb is removed
        * We can fix it in a later patch
        * We will ship **without WiFi**
* Yocto
    * Progress - Progress has been made
    * Build Server
* “So there's a potential sponsor who could potentially help with some kit dev (i.e. firmware) - what could we get from them?” [https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CC8EB6YMQ/p1635800245002200](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CC8EB6YMQ/p1635800245002200)
    * We need more information to be able to come up with a response.
* Do we need a meeting next week?
    * Next week at usual time. Timebox to 45 minutes, delay anything not about kickstart to the next meeting.
* We have Pis!!!!
    * Pi Power Hats?


### External Communications

_e.g: do we have anything to put in SR(A)WN?_

* Kit hacking was done
    * Docs are in progress of being updated
    * Significant progress has been made on porting yocto to odroid u3
    * beehive.gchq.net


### Action Points

* Dan: bake [https://studentrobotics.org/kit-feedback](https://studentrobotics.org/kit-feedback) into kit logs
* Karina: Create the feedback form for review at next meeting
* Jake: Copy information from rules to docs, then update forms
* Disable astwifid.service
* Consider disabling robot-settings.toml
* Add servohack hook script
