# Present

- Tyler Ward
- Karina Kwiatek
- Dan Trickey
- Jake Howard
- Tom Wheal
- Will Barber
- Anton Nikitin


# Topics
## Kickstart
-   We did a kickstart!!
-   7 kits shipped
## Kit Shipping
-   We need to get the rest of the kits shipped ASAP
    -   2 kits are ready to ship
    -   1 team is requesting a risk assessment
-   CLY kit
    -   We don't need to send them a kit as parts have been found, so a
        > kit is definitely there.
-   TPS kit
    -   They have been chasing us for a kit.
    -   We sent them photos of a kit, although without particularly
        > strong working.
    -   It is probably an oversight that our paperwork doesn't require
        > return.
    -   We could send a volunteer to help them search, as the kit is
        > valuable and this would show how serious the situation is.
    -   We could try and find the old teacher by name, as the school no
        > longer has contact.
    -   Actions:
        -   1\) We will send a much more strongly worded email, and will send them a
            kit only if they agree to look for the old one
        -   2\) We will send a volunteer to help them look for the old one
        -   3\) We will attempt to contact the old team leader
-   MAI kit
    -   An email was sent a week ago asking for the kit back, but no
        > response.
    -   We need to chase it up, as 8 days is plenty of time.
    -   Let's send another email before escalating, including the second
        > email address
-   How can we prevent the kit disclaimer problem?
    -   We need to send out the forms earlier, as schools have processes
        > to go through
    -   Let's review kit disclaimer forms next summer
    -   Maybe kit disclaimers should be taken into KT remit?
        -   Although probably best to leave it with the comp team until
            next year to prevent a messy handover?
## Kit Recovery
-   Some teams seem to have kit that they shouldn't have (HRS)
-   Also volunteers
-   Getting back the 2020 kits
-   Let's discuss this in our next meeting
## Kit Software
-   Kit Issues so far
    -   Marker Size
        -   Likely a comms issue between comp and kit team
        -   We should introduce a step for signing off the rules, to
            ensure the kit is updated.
    -   Ruggeduino VID / PID
        -   This issue could probably not be avoided.
        -   This may have been caught if we'd had a kit recall
    -   Vision assumes that cameras exist
        -   Not great, not awful as it only crashes if the camera is
            used.
        -   We think it might be the same behaviour as the old API.
        -   Still needs patching, we can discuss in Slack
    -   Permissions issue introduced in 2022.0.1
        -   
    -   Adding support for teams' own hardware
        -   We will not guarantee support, but support may be given if
            volunteers are interested.
        -   We will continue to support arbitrary USB serial devices
    -   Ruggeduino FW Version
        -   We will update the version number in the docs to also be 1
        -   We will update the kit software to accept version numbers 0
            and 1.
-   Yocto
    -   Code review
    -   Getting a shared account for the build server
        -   We need to work out our workflow first
    -   Moving the build server
        -   We should work out our workflow first
    -   Linux-firmware - what peripherals do we support?
        -   Images are much smaller without it, let's do it
-   Will has made some progress on the Piezo bug
    -   "It's a very simple bug"
    -   We can patch this very easily, although it's not urgent
-   Flashing boards in the field
    -   Will mentioned he thought it might be simpler than we thought
        -   We have a flash command that support DFU
        -   We need dfu-util and stm32flash
            -   We can get stm32flash 0.6 and dfu-util 0.11
        -   When and how do we trigger firmware updates?
        -   We could potentially flash the boards at boot
            -   Only in dev mode?
            -   Require user input?
        -   Tom should be able to collect some kit for Will
            -   Boards without cases
            -   ODROID + Serial Cable
    -   Do we just patch PLOD, or do we enable the servo LEDs too?
    -   Piezo bug fix?
## Emails
-   Lipo disposal email
    -   Tom may have a solution to this, redacted from minutes.
-   Shared services email
## New Kit Features (If we have time only)
-   Update mechanism
-   WiFi
-   Web interface
-   Remote debugger
-   Astoria generalisation
-   Arena connectivity testing
-   Development of IDE plugins(?)
    -   one button build/deploy (ZIP -\> copy to USB drive -\> unmount)
    -   update notifier/downloader for image updates (once we have
        > RAUC) - we can extract current version from log
    -   maybe robot-settings.toml visual editor
# External Communications
- ğŸ¦€ğŸ¦€ğŸ¦€ Python 2 is dead ğŸ¦€ğŸ¦€ğŸ¦€