# Kit Team Meeting Agenda

## Present

* Karina Kwiatek
* Dan Trickey
* Tyler Ward
* Jake Howard

## Topics


* New Kit Team Committee Member
    * Tyler Ward is now a member of the Kit Team Committee. Welcome!
* When and **where** are we packing the kits?
    * There is lots of kits at Dan’s house
    * 3 kits in the container
        * Dan might try and get next on 12th Oct
        * If not then Jake is going by on ~21st Oct
    * We might be able to use Soton Uni
        * We need to have building access (Tyler has it, Dave N, Tommy / SRO?)
    * Fallbacks: Makerspace, Scout Hut
    * We will be doing Kit Packing _somewhere in Southampton_ on 16th October 10am - 5pm with likely casual social afterwards
        * Announce via SR(A)WN, Calendar, Slack
        * Talk to Marketing Team
    * COVID Testing - We will ask volunteers to take a LFT before attending
    * Container things we need
        * 3 kits
        * Barcode scanners
        * Testing equipment
* Zoloto Update
    * There was an update to Zoloto
    * Still needs to be calibrated
    * We need to create calibrations for C270 and C500
* J5 Update
    * There is discussion about marking 1.0.0 (https://github.com/j5api/j5/discussions/744)
* Use of tasks repo
    * We would like to use the tasks repo
    * We think it would be good idea to add team labels to the tasks
    * We will migrate all our old issues
* Kitbook / Runbook
    * We would like to deprecate the kitbook as it is a source of confusion for new volunteers.
    * Relevant content needs to be migrated to the runbook
* Updating our documentation
    * We’re holding off on this for now
* Meetings
    * We might need to do weekly meetings as so much is going on
    * Ad-hoc additional meetings
    * 13th Kit Packing Prep meeting - 7-7:30 UK Time
    * Hack day on 30th Oct, Southampton 10am. Location *somewhere in Soton* TBC


## Action Points


* Dan to talk to SRO about getting venues for events
* Dan to “wing” getting equipment from the container
* Jake to arrange kit packing and hack day comms
* Jake to generate camera calibration files
* Dan to go through the old issues
* Jake to formally deprecate the Kitbook
* Dan to set-up google meet for 13th meeting
