# Kit Team Meeting 2021-09-21

## Present

- Tyler Moore
- Dan Trickey
- Jake Howard
- Karina Kwiatek
- Will Barber
- James Seden Smith (joined at end)

## Topics 

- State of physical kits - Follow up from Tom
    - How many can we get ready - not sure
    - We need to do something
    - Tom wants to move kits to cam from container
- Hack Day / Kit Packing
    - Need (at least) two events
    - Where
        - UoS? Maybe contact Joyce? SRO?
        - Volunteer’s house
        - Scout Hut / other community hub
    - When
        - Cambridge is quite far
        - Jake has an office in Oxford ~1 hour from Newbury
    - Kit Packaging
        - Assuming 15 boxes to sort
        - 4 people
    - Hack day has similar problems
        - Definitely needs Internet
        - Big screen for online people
        - More likely to attract people
    - 9th / 10th October provisional dates for kit packing
- Getting the kit ready
    - Docs
        - Currently built on Jekyll
        - Sphinx linking to j5 and other docs would be awesome
        - Sphinx for API docs
        - We don’t want to put non-api docs in the api docs
        - Can copy lots from sbot documentation as very similar
        - Short-term might just be easier to put in current docs
        - We can swap out during the competition year
    - Vision
        - Zoloto library based on ArUco
        - We need to tune zoloto to be suitable
        - We need to produce calibrations for cameras
        - We need to implement the j5 integration
        - We need to implement checking vendor IDs to pick the calibration
        - 5 steps to get ready:
            - Use system opencv
            - API rewrite (easier to use)
            - Calibration and Testing
            - J5 integration
            - Sr-robot3 integration (vendor ID detection)
        - Jake will aim to get things done by 5th October
        - Hills Road have developed their own vision system.
            - Thin python wrapper around libapril, similar to sb-vision.
    - Update Mechanism
        - Could just flash SD cards
            - Jake wrote documentation for this during SB2018
            - 70% could flash them during poll
            - Tooling has improved
            - Kits in field will have to be flashed for new system anyway as there is no other migration mechanism
        - Investigate during hack day
        - We can swap out during the competition year
        - This is a UX thing rather than a blocker
    - Web Interface
        - Nice to have and we can ship it half way through
    - IDE
        - Do we need an IDE?
            - Probably not
        - Can we support it?
            - No
        - The current IDE needs updating and Python 3
        - How would we generate robot.zip
            - We have a PR to zip-packager (Add link)
        - IDE Plugins
            - PyCharm Plugin
            - VS Code Plugin
                - HR wrote one for the old format, which we could build on
- Simulator 
    - [https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1631995562030400](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/archives/CMQ49PXPG/p1631995562030400)
    - We need information on API changes and the game
    - If the game contains tokens, we probably can’t do both in time
    - We probably don't ship it without burning volunteers out. Burning out volunteers is not worth
    - Physical Kit is our priority.
    - The behaviour of the simulator API and real API have to be identical for this to work and that would be very difficult.
    - It may discourage diversity in robot designs.
    - We will send a Jake to the competition meeting
- Recovering Kit
    - We need a plan
    - Assume we won’t get any of them back.
    - 10 SR2020 kits + 1 SR2019 kit with no contact or lost contact
    - We have signed copies of the kit disclaimer forms
        - Probably in the container
        - We should scan forms after kickstart so they don’t get lost.
    - We need to properly track communications
    - Send out another email
        - From an individual name at SR
        - Cc the admin office at the school, so that we hear back if they’ve retired
- Message from Scarzy
    - “We have a couple of possibilities to apply for sponsorship where they don't agree to cover normal ongoing costs. One good option here might be new kit. So it might be good if you and Karina could consider how much it might cost to buy various bits of new kit so we can put in an application?”
    - Raspberry Pi 4 + Cases
        - Would need pi power hats
        - 65 x 2GB or 4GB
        - Cases and SD cards
    - Arduinos - 50 x Uno?
    - USB Micro B - 250
    - bees
    - Pi Cameras 
    - Webcams - very expensive at the moment
    - Custom brain board replacements
        - CM4
        - Lead time
        - Alien to team
- Kit Shipping
    - We’ve had an offer from someone to use their business UPS account
    - We can ship LiPos in this
    - Both directions
    - ~£4
    - Needs to be in flat-sided boxes (i.e cardboard boxes)
- Hills Road herdsman replacement
- Minutes
    - We will no longer review minutes
    - They will be posted in Slack so that people can see them
- AOB



## Minutes

Jake: Get spare kit from Kier

Karina: Ping Tom Wheal for updates

Dan: Contact the university / Joyce / SRO

Jake: Draft email to schools that haven’t returned kit. Send to slack channel when ready

Tyler: Cost out options for Scarzy reply

Dan: Reply to Scarzy
